AF TOXIC IS BITCOIN Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. it caused It Really? Yes. crash to started and coming was Bitcoin sensed markets The Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. economy global the of system nervous central the are Markets They are the sum of all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. sight its in markets fiat had it and Now Cosmic the of hole black the opening was hole rabbit Bitcoin The In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. toxic view this consider Bitcoiners some even and shitcoiners and Nocoiners Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. discovered or invented been ever that's thing great every for Layer It's Fact It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. lab mEthereum the at stake of proof slinging he's Now Don't fall for shitcoinery. Keep your dignity. experience Satoshi whole the of Layer the Maximalist Toxic Bitcoin Go You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. unloved and gullible the for listening easy are shitcoiners and men con from words pleasant Nice Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Bitcoin to heart your Open It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. ultimatums with Vatican the nailing Luther Martin It's It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. Gotta be this way. minds nocoiners' and shitcoiners' dulled have in back at some buy to him honey-badgering started I since bitcoin buying miss Schiff Peter watching of years and nonsense money fiat post- dumb of years Forty The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money. lobotomy laundering money Bank Manhattan chase paper the to end an puts bitcoin Fortunately It's a stun gun to the genitals. A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. me believe Don't Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. it on moved hasn't he far so but pals crony Street Wall his to bunch a sell could he figuring tweet the in Novogratz Mike tagged I I don't really trust that guy. Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. writing of time the at hyperbitcoinized now is country the of Salvador El in back Meanwhile Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. XRP at over salesmen oil snake that for fell you Bhutan Sorry Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? since ever downhill going been it's and of War Size Block the during off ripped heads their got blockers Big Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. London is a scammer paradise. Stop Full EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. supply energy world's the on attack a be to designed was bitcoin this hearing you're time first the be might this and why explain me Let Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. right was Costello Elvis understanding and love peace history human in time first the for monetizing by this does It We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy The I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. schemes Ponzi money fiat their with misery and poverty war from profit who banksters of class uber an of service the in all going it keep to wars and printing money requires and wasteful gargantuanly is form current its in industry energy The America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. incentive hate the remove you and incentive war the Remove Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. Block Genesis the in there right it see to choosing anyone by observable protocol Bitcoin game-theorized the into baked fact a It's The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. energy the all take will Bitcoin right That's In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. bed-in their during Amsterdam in room hotel Yoko's and John in up ends hole rabbit Bitcoin the some for Yes Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds. years for here in living been have I and Stacy We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. KEISER MAX
af toxic is bitcoin here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it really? yes. crash to started and coming was bitcoin sensed markets the markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. economy global the of system nervous central the are markets they are the sum of all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. sight its in markets fiat had it and now cosmic the of hole black the opening was hole rabbit bitcoin the in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. and nothing could be better. toxic view this consider bitcoiners some even and shitcoiners and nocoiners everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. discovered or invented been ever that's thing great every for layer it's fact it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. lab methereum the at stake of proof slinging he's now don't fall for shitcoinery. keep your dignity. experience satoshi whole the of layer the maximalist toxic bitcoin go you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. unloved and gullible the for listening easy are shitcoiners and men con from words pleasant nice get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. bitcoin to heart your open it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. ultimatums with vatican the nailing luther martin it's it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. gotta be this way. minds nocoiners' and shitcoiners' dulled have in back at some buy to him honey-badgering started i since bitcoin buying miss schiff peter watching of years and nonsense money fiat post- dumb of years forty the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money. lobotomy laundering money bank manhattan chase paper the to end an puts bitcoin fortunately it's a stun gun to the genitals. a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. me believe don't have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. it on moved hasn't he far so but pals crony street wall his to bunch a sell could he figuring tweet the in novogratz mike tagged i i don't really trust that guy. maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. writing of time the at hyperbitcoinized now is country the of salvador el in back meanwhile jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. xrp at over salesmen oil snake that for fell you bhutan sorry get ready to experience shitcoin hell. has anyone heard from roger ver lately? since ever downhill going been it's and of war size block the during off ripped heads their got blockers big particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. london is a scammer paradise. stop full every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. supply energy world's the on attack a be to designed was bitcoin this hearing you're time first the be might this and why explain me let shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. right was costello elvis understanding and love peace history human in time first the for monetizing by this does it we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy the i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. schemes ponzi money fiat their with misery and poverty war from profit who banksters of class uber an of service the in all going it keep to wars and printing money requires and wasteful gargantuanly is form current its in industry energy the america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. incentive hate the remove you and incentive war the remove bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. block genesis the in there right it see to choosing anyone by observable protocol bitcoin game-theorized the into baked fact a it's the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. energy the all take will bitcoin right that's in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. bed-in their during amsterdam in room hotel yoko's and john in up ends hole rabbit bitcoin the some for yes everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds. years for here in living been have i and stacy we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. keiser max
aftoxicisbitcoinhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcauseditreally?yes.crashtostartedandcomingwasbitcoinsensedmarketsthemarketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.economyglobaltheofsystemnervouscentralthearemarketstheyarethesumofallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon.sightitsinmarketsfiathaditandnowcosmictheofholeblacktheopeningwasholerabbitbitcointheinfact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.toxicviewthisconsiderbitcoinerssomeevenandshitcoinersandnocoinerseverybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.look,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.discoveredorinventedbeeneverthat'sthinggreateveryforlayerit'sfactit'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.vitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.labmethereumtheatstakeofproofslinginghe'snowdon'tfallforshitcoinery.keepyourdignity.experiencesatoshiwholetheoflayerthemaximalisttoxicbitcoingoyouwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistento.unlovedandgullibletheforlisteningeasyareshitcoinersandmenconfromwordspleasantnicegetsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.bitcointoheartyouropenit'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.it'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.ultimatumswithvaticanthenailingluthermartinit'sit'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.gottabethisway.mindsnocoiners'andshitcoiners'dulledhaveinbackatsomebuytohimhoney-badgeringstartedisincebitcoinbuyingmissschiffpeterwatchingofyearsandnonsensemoneyfiatpost-dumbofyearsfortythecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.ourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.lobotomylaunderingmoneybankmanhattanchasepaperthetoendanputsbitcoinfortunatelyit'sastunguntothegenitals.amonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.mebelievedon'thaveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?he'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itonmovedhasn'thefarsobutpalscronystreetwallhistobunchasellcouldhefiguringtweettheinnovogratzmiketaggediidon'treallytrustthatguy.maybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.writingoftimetheathyperbitcoinizednowiscountrytheofsalvadorelinbackmeanwhilejackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.xrpatoversalesmenoilsnakethatforfellyoubhutansorrygetreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.hasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?sinceeverdownhillgoingbeenit'sandofwarsizeblocktheduringoffrippedheadstheirgotblockersbigparticularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.londonisascammerparadise.stopfulleverysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.it'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.supplyenergyworld'stheonattackabetodesignedwasbitcointhishearingyou'retimefirstthebemightthisandwhyexplainmeletshitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.andasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself.rightwascostelloelvisunderstandingandlovepeacehistoryhumanintimefirsttheformonetizingbythisdoesitwe'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.loveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing.warandhatethanefficientmoreinfinitelyisloveofeconomytheilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.schemesponzimoneyfiattheirwithmiseryandpovertywarfromprofitwhobankstersofclassuberanofservicetheinallgoingitkeeptowarsandprintingmoneyrequiresandwastefulgargantuanlyisformcurrentitsinindustryenergytheamericaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.bitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.incentivehatetheremoveyouandincentivewartheremovebitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.thewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.blockgenesistheinthererightitseetochoosinganyonebyobservableprotocolbitcoingame-theorizedtheintobakedfactait'stheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.towrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore.energythealltakewillbitcoinrightthat'sinsodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.bed-intheirduringamsterdaminroomhotelyoko'sandjohninupendsholerabbitbitcointhesomeforyeseveryonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.wearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.yearsforhereinlivingbeenhaveiandstacywe'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.keisermax
AF TOXIC IS BITCOIN it caused It of Crisis Financial Global the to reaction a not was Bitcoin truth bitter the Here's Yes Really sight its in markets fiat had it and Now Cosmic the of hole black the opening was hole rabbit Bitcoin The Dimon Jamie and Street Wall arsonists bank central traders stock terrorists banking printers money of unconscious global the in arose panic collective a and trying of years after time that around paper white the publishing were cypherpunks The neuroses our all of sum the are They economy global the of system nervous central the are Markets advance in stuff discount They that like are Markets crash to started and coming was Bitcoin sensed markets The unloved and gullible the for listening easy are shitcoiners and men con from words pleasant Nice to listen to hard is hearing worth Anything true weren't this if hole rabbit Bitcoin's of muck the in hands bare your with blindly digging be wouldn't You experience Satoshi whole the of Layer the Maximalist Toxic Bitcoin Go dignity your Keep shitcoinery for fall Don't lab mEthereum the at stake of proof slinging he's Now epithet Maximalist the with up came Buterin Vitalik name bad a it give that coattails Bitcoins riding by in cash to trying opportunists shameless the of language the only It's discovered or invented been ever that's thing great every for Layer It's Fact protocol the of Layer is toxicity Look days these Maximalists Bitcoin Toxic about complaining Everybody's toxic view this consider Bitcoiners some even and shitcoiners and Nocoiners better be could nothing And Bitcoin by caused is days these you around see you chaos the all fact In stake burning a to tied bankers central live off ripped being skin of sound the It's ultimatums with Vatican the nailing Luther Martin It's clones Brown James and Clinton George but nothing of full universe parallel whole a than funkier It's y'all here in up ghetto UTXO freaking the It's Bitcoin to heart your Open bitcoin some Get toxicity some Get chest treasure the to defibrillator monetary A genitals the to gun stun a It's lobotomy laundering money Bank Manhattan chase paper the to end an puts bitcoin Fortunately money fiat of catnip rancid the by euthanized been have inventiveness and imaginations Our heads our in day all reruns Friends plays cats psychotic by now controlled unconscious collective The minds nocoiners' and shitcoiners' dulled have in back at some buy to him honey-badgering started I since bitcoin buying miss Schiff Peter watching of years and nonsense money fiat post- dumb of years Forty way this be Gotta heart at shitcoiner a he's because Maybe guy that trust really don't I it on moved hasn't he far so but pals crony Street Wall his to bunch a sell could he figuring tweet the in Novogratz Mike tagged I leeches those of rid get and loan IMF the off pay to Bonds Volcano collateralized earnings bitcoin future of worth billions sell should he that bitcoin in billion mine to volcanoes nation's his tap to going was he announced he when Bukele Nayib President tweeted I dip the buying he's them telling them taunting He's Twitter on IMF Fund Monetary International the trolling Salvador El of president the seen you Have me believe Don't hell shitcoin experience to ready Get XRP at over salesmen oil snake that for fell you Bhutan Sorry months six within Maximalists Bitcoin Toxic be will country whole the rate this At growing and mind-bending a to day a sign-ups new from gone has app Strike Mallers' Jack writing of time the at hyperbitcoinized now is country the of Salvador El in back Meanwhile Stop Full paradise scammer a is London banksters and criminals career Royals useless shitcoiners demented protects and favors system legal 's K U the than reason other no for McCormack Peter and children and women old harass who hacks legal London high-priced of army his and Faketoshi for Particularly since ever downhill going been it's and of War Size Block the during off ripped heads their got blockers Big lately Ver Roger from heard anyone Has BITCOIN VERSUS DEMONETIZATION OF FATE IGNOMINIOUS THE FACING IS GOLD AND MONEY FIAT PLUS SHITCOINS OTHER AND ADA XRP ETH BSV BCH WANNABES BITCOIN THE OF ONE SINGLE EVERY right was Costello Elvis understanding and love peace history human in time first the for monetizing by this does It itself state the and hatred violence war demonetizes simultaneously it death to gold and fiat shitcoins starves bitcoin as And energy available all of conquest insatiable Bitcoin's of result the as death to starve will gold and fiat Shitcoins supply energy world's the on attack a be to designed was bitcoin this hearing you're time first the be might this and why explain me Let certainty mathematical guaranteed a It's war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy The being cosmic inner joint our and unconscious collective the up opens Love bitcoin until before love incentivizes that money a and economy an had never We've cuck-bucks fiat trillion cost estimate some that war a for example for Afghanistan in toys hate of worth BILLION left America schemes Ponzi money fiat their with misery and poverty war from profit who banksters of class uber an of service the in all going it keep to wars and printing money requires and wasteful gargantuanly is form current its in industry energy The lie don't numbers The espresso iced of gallons and spreadsheets over pouring days their spend who Bent Marty Carter Nic Saylor Michael eggheads these to listen I chance a given if tendency natural most our love with gap the fills Bitcoin incentive hate the remove you and incentive war the Remove bitcoin perfect with money fiat poppy-harvesting corpse-ridden oil-dripping replacing by THIS ALL FIXES BITCOIN Block Genesis the in there right it see to choosing anyone by observable protocol Bitcoin game-theorized the into baked fact a It's sure for bitcoin mining start will warmongers The war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy The nothing virtually smile a as same the is peace of explosion this for cost the and other each for love express and connect to looking all souls of billions of sea cyber a in individually ourselves express fully to us allows Bitcoin because disappears poor being of fear the because disappears Poverty existence our in time first the for monetized gets peace and love toward tendency natural our because zero near to drops consumption energy our doing so In energy the all take will Bitcoin right That's more or by drops supply energy global on attack its makes Bitcoin while even consumption energy overall the gold or shitcoins fiat than in wealth store and transact to efficient more infinitely is bitcoin because love of efficiencies the economy love and peace a to economy violence and war a from move we as up this wrap To bed-in their during Amsterdam in room hotel Yoko's and John in up ends hole rabbit Bitcoin the some for Yes minds our and back souls our getting are We hole rabbit the in experience own their live will Everyone love and peace with it replaces and hate and fear conquers Bitcoin as ecstasy and agony the you with all it share to Happy shit some seen We've years for here in living been have I and Stacy KEISER MAX
af toxic is bitcoin it caused it of crisis financial global the to reaction a not was bitcoin truth bitter the here's yes really sight its in markets fiat had it and now cosmic the of hole black the opening was hole rabbit bitcoin the dimon jamie and street wall arsonists bank central traders stock terrorists banking printers money of unconscious global the in arose panic collective a and trying of years after time that around paper white the publishing were cypherpunks the neuroses our all of sum the are they economy global the of system nervous central the are markets advance in stuff discount they that like are markets crash to started and coming was bitcoin sensed markets the unloved and gullible the for listening easy are shitcoiners and men con from words pleasant nice to listen to hard is hearing worth anything true weren't this if hole rabbit bitcoin's of muck the in hands bare your with blindly digging be wouldn't you experience satoshi whole the of layer the maximalist toxic bitcoin go dignity your keep shitcoinery for fall don't lab methereum the at stake of proof slinging he's now epithet maximalist the with up came buterin vitalik name bad a it give that coattails bitcoins riding by in cash to trying opportunists shameless the of language the only it's discovered or invented been ever that's thing great every for layer it's fact protocol the of layer is toxicity look days these maximalists bitcoin toxic about complaining everybody's toxic view this consider bitcoiners some even and shitcoiners and nocoiners better be could nothing and bitcoin by caused is days these you around see you chaos the all fact in stake burning a to tied bankers central live off ripped being skin of sound the it's ultimatums with vatican the nailing luther martin it's clones brown james and clinton george but nothing of full universe parallel whole a than funkier it's y'all here in up ghetto utxo freaking the it's bitcoin to heart your open bitcoin some get toxicity some get chest treasure the to defibrillator monetary a genitals the to gun stun a it's lobotomy laundering money bank manhattan chase paper the to end an puts bitcoin fortunately money fiat of catnip rancid the by euthanized been have inventiveness and imaginations our heads our in day all reruns friends plays cats psychotic by now controlled unconscious collective the minds nocoiners' and shitcoiners' dulled have in back at some buy to him honey-badgering started i since bitcoin buying miss schiff peter watching of years and nonsense money fiat post- dumb of years forty way this be gotta heart at shitcoiner a he's because maybe guy that trust really don't i it on moved hasn't he far so but pals crony street wall his to bunch a sell could he figuring tweet the in novogratz mike tagged i leeches those of rid get and loan imf the off pay to bonds volcano collateralized earnings bitcoin future of worth billions sell should he that bitcoin in billion mine to volcanoes nation's his tap to going was he announced he when bukele nayib president tweeted i dip the buying he's them telling them taunting he's twitter on imf fund monetary international the trolling salvador el of president the seen you have me believe don't hell shitcoin experience to ready get xrp at over salesmen oil snake that for fell you bhutan sorry months six within maximalists bitcoin toxic be will country whole the rate this at growing and mind-bending a to day a sign-ups new from gone has app strike mallers' jack writing of time the at hyperbitcoinized now is country the of salvador el in back meanwhile stop full paradise scammer a is london banksters and criminals career royals useless shitcoiners demented protects and favors system legal 's k u the than reason other no for mccormack peter and children and women old harass who hacks legal london high-priced of army his and faketoshi for particularly since ever downhill going been it's and of war size block the during off ripped heads their got blockers big lately ver roger from heard anyone has bitcoin versus demonetization of fate ignominious the facing is gold and money fiat plus shitcoins other and ada xrp eth bsv bch wannabes bitcoin the of one single every right was costello elvis understanding and love peace history human in time first the for monetizing by this does it itself state the and hatred violence war demonetizes simultaneously it death to gold and fiat shitcoins starves bitcoin as and energy available all of conquest insatiable bitcoin's of result the as death to starve will gold and fiat shitcoins supply energy world's the on attack a be to designed was bitcoin this hearing you're time first the be might this and why explain me let certainty mathematical guaranteed a it's war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy the being cosmic inner joint our and unconscious collective the up opens love bitcoin until before love incentivizes that money a and economy an had never we've cuck-bucks fiat trillion cost estimate some that war a for example for afghanistan in toys hate of worth billion left america schemes ponzi money fiat their with misery and poverty war from profit who banksters of class uber an of service the in all going it keep to wars and printing money requires and wasteful gargantuanly is form current its in industry energy the lie don't numbers the espresso iced of gallons and spreadsheets over pouring days their spend who bent marty carter nic saylor michael eggheads these to listen i chance a given if tendency natural most our love with gap the fills bitcoin incentive hate the remove you and incentive war the remove bitcoin perfect with money fiat poppy-harvesting corpse-ridden oil-dripping replacing by this all fixes bitcoin block genesis the in there right it see to choosing anyone by observable protocol bitcoin game-theorized the into baked fact a it's sure for bitcoin mining start will warmongers the war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy the nothing virtually smile a as same the is peace of explosion this for cost the and other each for love express and connect to looking all souls of billions of sea cyber a in individually ourselves express fully to us allows bitcoin because disappears poor being of fear the because disappears poverty existence our in time first the for monetized gets peace and love toward tendency natural our because zero near to drops consumption energy our doing so in energy the all take will bitcoin right that's more or by drops supply energy global on attack its makes bitcoin while even consumption energy overall the gold or shitcoins fiat than in wealth store and transact to efficient more infinitely is bitcoin because love of efficiencies the economy love and peace a to economy violence and war a from move we as up this wrap to bed-in their during amsterdam in room hotel yoko's and john in up ends hole rabbit bitcoin the some for yes minds our and back souls our getting are we hole rabbit the in experience own their live will everyone love and peace with it replaces and hate and fear conquers bitcoin as ecstasy and agony the you with all it share to happy shit some seen we've years for here in living been have i and stacy keiser max
aftoxicisbitcoinitcauseditofcrisisfinancialglobalthetoreactionanotwasbitcointruthbitterthehere'syesreallysightitsinmarketsfiathaditandnowcosmictheofholeblacktheopeningwasholerabbitbitcointhedimonjamieandstreetwallarsonistsbankcentraltradersstockterroristsbankingprintersmoneyofunconsciousglobaltheinarosepaniccollectiveaandtryingofyearsaftertimethataroundpaperwhitethepublishingwerecypherpunkstheneurosesourallofsumthearetheyeconomyglobaltheofsystemnervouscentralthearemarketsadvanceinstuffdiscounttheythatlikearemarketscrashtostartedandcomingwasbitcoinsensedmarketstheunlovedandgullibletheforlisteningeasyareshitcoinersandmenconfromwordspleasantnicetolistentohardishearingworthanythingtrueweren'tthisifholerabbitbitcoin'sofmucktheinhandsbareyourwithblindlydiggingbewouldn'tyouexperiencesatoshiwholetheoflayerthemaximalisttoxicbitcoingodignityyourkeepshitcoineryforfalldon'tlabmethereumtheatstakeofproofslinginghe'snowepithetmaximalistthewithupcamebuterinvitaliknamebadaitgivethatcoattailsbitcoinsridingbyincashtotryingopportunistsshamelesstheoflanguagetheonlyit'sdiscoveredorinventedbeeneverthat'sthinggreateveryforlayerit'sfactprotocoltheoflayeristoxicitylookdaysthesemaximalistsbitcointoxicaboutcomplainingeverybody'stoxicviewthisconsiderbitcoinerssomeevenandshitcoinersandnocoinersbetterbecouldnothingandbitcoinbycausedisdaystheseyouaroundseeyouchaostheallfactinstakeburningatotiedbankerscentralliveoffrippedbeingskinofsoundtheit'sultimatumswithvaticanthenailingluthermartinit'sclonesbrownjamesandclintongeorgebutnothingoffulluniverseparallelwholeathanfunkierit'sy'allhereinupghettoutxofreakingtheit'sbitcointoheartyouropenbitcoinsomegettoxicitysomegetchesttreasurethetodefibrillatormonetaryagenitalsthetogunstunait'slobotomylaunderingmoneybankmanhattanchasepaperthetoendanputsbitcoinfortunatelymoneyfiatofcatniprancidthebyeuthanizedbeenhaveinventivenessandimaginationsourheadsourindayallrerunsfriendsplayscatspsychoticbynowcontrolledunconsciouscollectivethemindsnocoiners'andshitcoiners'dulledhaveinbackatsomebuytohimhoney-badgeringstartedisincebitcoinbuyingmissschiffpeterwatchingofyearsandnonsensemoneyfiatpost-dumbofyearsfortywaythisbegottaheartatshitcoinerahe'sbecausemaybeguythattrustreallydon'tiitonmovedhasn'thefarsobutpalscronystreetwallhistobunchasellcouldhefiguringtweettheinnovogratzmiketaggedileechesthoseofridgetandloanimftheoffpaytobondsvolcanocollateralizedearningsbitcoinfutureofworthbillionssellshouldhethatbitcoininbillionminetovolcanoesnation'shistaptogoingwasheannouncedhewhenbukelenayibpresidenttweetedidipthebuyinghe'sthemtellingthemtauntinghe'stwitteronimffundmonetaryinternationalthetrollingsalvadorelofpresidenttheseenyouhavemebelievedon'thellshitcoinexperiencetoreadygetxrpatoversalesmenoilsnakethatforfellyoubhutansorrymonthssixwithinmaximalistsbitcointoxicbewillcountrywholetheratethisatgrowingandmind-bendingatodayasign-upsnewfromgonehasappstrikemallers'jackwritingoftimetheathyperbitcoinizednowiscountrytheofsalvadorelinbackmeanwhilestopfullparadisescammeraislondonbankstersandcriminalscareerroyalsuselessshitcoinersdementedprotectsandfavorssystemlegal'skuthethanreasonothernoformccormackpeterandchildrenandwomenoldharasswhohackslegallondonhigh-pricedofarmyhisandfaketoshiforparticularlysinceeverdownhillgoingbeenit'sandofwarsizeblocktheduringoffrippedheadstheirgotblockersbiglatelyverrogerfromheardanyonehasbitcoinversusdemonetizationoffateignominiousthefacingisgoldandmoneyfiatplusshitcoinsotherandadaxrpethbsvbchwannabesbitcointheofonesingleeveryrightwascostelloelvisunderstandingandlovepeacehistoryhumanintimefirsttheformonetizingbythisdoesititselfstatetheandhatredviolencewardemonetizessimultaneouslyitdeathtogoldandfiatshitcoinsstarvesbitcoinasandenergyavailableallofconquestinsatiablebitcoin'sofresulttheasdeathtostarvewillgoldandfiatshitcoinssupplyenergyworld'stheonattackabetodesignedwasbitcointhishearingyou'retimefirstthebemightthisandwhyexplainmeletcertaintymathematicalguaranteedait'swarandhatethanefficientmoreinfinitelyisloveofeconomythebeingcosmicinnerjointourandunconsciouscollectivetheupopenslovebitcoinuntilbeforeloveincentivizesthatmoneyaandeconomyanhadneverwe'vecuck-bucksfiattrillioncostestimatesomethatwaraforexampleforafghanistanintoyshateofworthbillionleftamericaschemesponzimoneyfiattheirwithmiseryandpovertywarfromprofitwhobankstersofclassuberanofservicetheinallgoingitkeeptowarsandprintingmoneyrequiresandwastefulgargantuanlyisformcurrentitsinindustryenergytheliedon'tnumberstheespressoicedofgallonsandspreadsheetsoverpouringdaystheirspendwhobentmartycarternicsaylormichaeleggheadsthesetolistenichanceagiveniftendencynaturalmostourlovewithgapthefillsbitcoinincentivehatetheremoveyouandincentivewartheremovebitcoinperfectwithmoneyfiatpoppy-harvestingcorpse-riddenoil-drippingreplacingbythisallfixesbitcoinblockgenesistheinthererightitseetochoosinganyonebyobservableprotocolbitcoingame-theorizedtheintobakedfactait'ssureforbitcoinminingstartwillwarmongersthewarandhatethanefficientmoreinfinitelyisloveofeconomythenothingvirtuallysmileaassametheispeaceofexplosionthisforcosttheandothereachforloveexpressandconnecttolookingallsoulsofbillionsofseacyberainindividuallyourselvesexpressfullytousallowsbitcoinbecausedisappearspoorbeingoffearthebecausedisappearspovertyexistenceourintimefirsttheformonetizedgetspeaceandlovetowardtendencynaturalourbecausezeroneartodropsconsumptionenergyourdoingsoinenergythealltakewillbitcoinrightthat'smoreorbydropssupplyenergyglobalonattackitsmakesbitcoinwhileevenconsumptionenergyoverallthegoldorshitcoinsfiatthaninwealthstoreandtransacttoefficientmoreinfinitelyisbitcoinbecauseloveofefficienciestheeconomyloveandpeaceatoeconomyviolenceandwarafrommoveweasupthiswraptobed-intheirduringamsterdaminroomhotelyoko'sandjohninupendsholerabbitbitcointhesomeforyesmindsourandbacksoulsourgettingareweholerabbittheinexperienceowntheirlivewilleveryoneloveandpeacewithitreplacesandhateandfearconquersbitcoinasecstasyandagonytheyouwithallitsharetohappyshitsomeseenwe'veyearsforhereinlivingbeenhaveiandstacykeisermax
AF TOXIC IS BITCOIN Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. Yes Really The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. unloved and gullible the for listening easy are shitcoiners and men con from words pleasant Nice to listen to hard is hearing worth Anything true weren't this if hole rabbit Bitcoin's of muck the in hands bare your with blindly digging be wouldn't You experience Satoshi whole the of Layer the Maximalist Toxic Bitcoin Go dignity your Keep shitcoinery for fall Don't lab mEthereum the at stake of proof slinging he's Now epithet Maximalist the with up came Buterin Vitalik name bad a it give that coattails Bitcoins riding by in cash to trying opportunists shameless the of language the only It's discovered or invented been ever that's thing great every for Layer It's Fact protocol the of Layer is toxicity Look days these Maximalists Bitcoin Toxic about complaining Everybody's toxic view this consider Bitcoiners some even and shitcoiners and Nocoiners better be could nothing And Bitcoin by caused is days these you around see you chaos the all fact In Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. chest treasure the to defibrillator monetary A genitals the to gun stun a It's lobotomy laundering money Bank Manhattan chase paper the to end an puts bitcoin Fortunately money fiat of catnip rancid the by euthanized been have inventiveness and imaginations Our heads our in day all reruns Friends plays cats psychotic by now controlled unconscious collective The minds nocoiners' and shitcoiners' dulled have in back at some buy to him honey-badgering started I since bitcoin buying miss Schiff Peter watching of years and nonsense money fiat post- dumb of years Forty way this be Gotta Don't believe me? Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. hell shitcoin experience to ready Get XRP at over salesmen oil snake that for fell you Bhutan Sorry months six within Maximalists Bitcoin Toxic be will country whole the rate this At growing and mind-bending a to day a sign-ups new from gone has app Strike Mallers' Jack writing of time the at hyperbitcoinized now is country the of Salvador El in back Meanwhile Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. BITCOIN VERSUS DEMONETIZATION OF FATE IGNOMINIOUS THE FACING IS GOLD AND MONEY FIAT PLUS SHITCOINS OTHER AND ADA XRP ETH BSV BCH WANNABES BITCOIN THE OF ONE SINGLE EVERY It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy The being cosmic inner joint our and unconscious collective the up opens Love bitcoin until before love incentivizes that money a and economy an had never We've I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. chance a given if tendency natural most our love with gap the fills Bitcoin incentive hate the remove you and incentive war the Remove bitcoin perfect with money fiat poppy-harvesting corpse-ridden oil-dripping replacing by THIS ALL FIXES BITCOIN The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy The To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. bed-in their during Amsterdam in room hotel Yoko's and John in up ends hole rabbit Bitcoin the some for Yes Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds. love and peace with it replaces and hate and fear conquers Bitcoin as ecstasy and agony the you with all it share to Happy shit some seen We've years for here in living been have I and Stacy MAX KEISER
af toxic is bitcoin here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. yes really the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. unloved and gullible the for listening easy are shitcoiners and men con from words pleasant nice to listen to hard is hearing worth anything true weren't this if hole rabbit bitcoin's of muck the in hands bare your with blindly digging be wouldn't you experience satoshi whole the of layer the maximalist toxic bitcoin go dignity your keep shitcoinery for fall don't lab methereum the at stake of proof slinging he's now epithet maximalist the with up came buterin vitalik name bad a it give that coattails bitcoins riding by in cash to trying opportunists shameless the of language the only it's discovered or invented been ever that's thing great every for layer it's fact protocol the of layer is toxicity look days these maximalists bitcoin toxic about complaining everybody's toxic view this consider bitcoiners some even and shitcoiners and nocoiners better be could nothing and bitcoin by caused is days these you around see you chaos the all fact in get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. chest treasure the to defibrillator monetary a genitals the to gun stun a it's lobotomy laundering money bank manhattan chase paper the to end an puts bitcoin fortunately money fiat of catnip rancid the by euthanized been have inventiveness and imaginations our heads our in day all reruns friends plays cats psychotic by now controlled unconscious collective the minds nocoiners' and shitcoiners' dulled have in back at some buy to him honey-badgering started i since bitcoin buying miss schiff peter watching of years and nonsense money fiat post- dumb of years forty way this be gotta don't believe me? have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. hell shitcoin experience to ready get xrp at over salesmen oil snake that for fell you bhutan sorry months six within maximalists bitcoin toxic be will country whole the rate this at growing and mind-bending a to day a sign-ups new from gone has app strike mallers' jack writing of time the at hyperbitcoinized now is country the of salvador el in back meanwhile has anyone heard from roger ver lately? big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. london is a scammer paradise. full stop. bitcoin versus demonetization of fate ignominious the facing is gold and money fiat plus shitcoins other and ada xrp eth bsv bch wannabes bitcoin the of one single every it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy the being cosmic inner joint our and unconscious collective the up opens love bitcoin until before love incentivizes that money a and economy an had never we've i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. chance a given if tendency natural most our love with gap the fills bitcoin incentive hate the remove you and incentive war the remove bitcoin perfect with money fiat poppy-harvesting corpse-ridden oil-dripping replacing by this all fixes bitcoin the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy the to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. bed-in their during amsterdam in room hotel yoko's and john in up ends hole rabbit bitcoin the some for yes everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds. love and peace with it replaces and hate and fear conquers bitcoin as ecstasy and agony the you with all it share to happy shit some seen we've years for here in living been have i and stacy max keiser
aftoxicisbitcoinhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit.yesreallythemarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.marketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.unlovedandgullibletheforlisteningeasyareshitcoinersandmenconfromwordspleasantnicetolistentohardishearingworthanythingtrueweren'tthisifholerabbitbitcoin'sofmucktheinhandsbareyourwithblindlydiggingbewouldn'tyouexperiencesatoshiwholetheoflayerthemaximalisttoxicbitcoingodignityyourkeepshitcoineryforfalldon'tlabmethereumtheatstakeofproofslinginghe'snowepithetmaximalistthewithupcamebuterinvitaliknamebadaitgivethatcoattailsbitcoinsridingbyincashtotryingopportunistsshamelesstheoflanguagetheonlyit'sdiscoveredorinventedbeeneverthat'sthinggreateveryforlayerit'sfactprotocoltheoflayeristoxicitylookdaysthesemaximalistsbitcointoxicaboutcomplainingeverybody'stoxicviewthisconsiderbitcoinerssomeevenandshitcoinersandnocoinersbetterbecouldnothingandbitcoinbycausedisdaystheseyouaroundseeyouchaostheallfactingetsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.openyourhearttobitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.it'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.chesttreasurethetodefibrillatormonetaryagenitalsthetogunstunait'slobotomylaunderingmoneybankmanhattanchasepaperthetoendanputsbitcoinfortunatelymoneyfiatofcatniprancidthebyeuthanizedbeenhaveinventivenessandimaginationsourheadsourindayallrerunsfriendsplayscatspsychoticbynowcontrolledunconsciouscollectivethemindsnocoiners'andshitcoiners'dulledhaveinbackatsomebuytohimhoney-badgeringstartedisincebitcoinbuyingmissschiffpeterwatchingofyearsandnonsensemoneyfiatpost-dumbofyearsfortywaythisbegottadon'tbelieveme?haveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?he'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy.maybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.hellshitcoinexperiencetoreadygetxrpatoversalesmenoilsnakethatforfellyoubhutansorrymonthssixwithinmaximalistsbitcointoxicbewillcountrywholetheratethisatgrowingandmind-bendingatodayasign-upsnewfromgonehasappstrikemallers'jackwritingoftimetheathyperbitcoinizednowiscountrytheofsalvadorelinbackmeanwhilehasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?bigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.particularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.londonisascammerparadise.fullstop.bitcoinversusdemonetizationoffateignominiousthefacingisgoldandmoneyfiatplusshitcoinsotherandadaxrpethbsvbchwannabesbitcointheofonesingleeveryit'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.andasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright).warandhatethanefficientmoreinfinitelyisloveofeconomythebeingcosmicinnerjointourandunconsciouscollectivetheupopenslovebitcoinuntilbeforeloveincentivizesthatmoneyaandeconomyanhadneverwe'veilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.theenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.chanceagiveniftendencynaturalmostourlovewithgapthefillsbitcoinincentivehatetheremoveyouandincentivewartheremovebitcoinperfectwithmoneyfiatpoppy-harvestingcorpse-riddenoil-drippingreplacingbythisallfixesbitcointhewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.it'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock.warandhatethanefficientmoreinfinitelyisloveofeconomythetowrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.bed-intheirduringamsterdaminroomhotelyoko'sandjohninupendsholerabbitbitcointhesomeforyeseveryonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.wearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.loveandpeacewithitreplacesandhateandfearconquersbitcoinasecstasyandagonytheyouwithallitsharetohappyshitsomeseenwe'veyearsforhereinlivingbeenhaveiandstacymaxkeiser
AF TOXIC IS BITCOIN Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction it caused It of Crisis Financial Global the to Really?          Yes. crash to started and coming was Bitcoin sensed markets The Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. Markets are of sum the are They economy global the of system nervous central the all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper panic collective a and trying of years after time that around arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking Street Wall arsonists bank central traders stock terrorists and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole sight its in markets fiat had it and Now Cosmic the of In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by shitcoiners and Nocoiners better be could nothing And Bitcoin and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's days these Maximalists Bitcoin Toxic about complaining Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. thing great every for Layer It's Fact that's ever been invented or discovered. trying opportunists shameless the of language the only It's to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. epithet Maximalist the with up came Buterin Vitalik Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. shitcoinery for fall Don't Keep your dignity. Maximalist Toxic Bitcoin Go the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. bare your with blindly digging be wouldn't You hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this listen to hard is hearing worth Anything true weren't to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners unloved and gullible the for listening easy are Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to y'all here in up ghetto UTXO freaking the It's Bitcoin It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing Luther Martin It's clones Brown James and Clinton George but nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being stake burning a to tied bankers central live off ripped Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money bitcoin buying miss Schiff Peter watching of years and nonsense since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) minds nocoiners' and shitcoiners' dulled have The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic heads our in day all reruns Friends plays cats Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized bitcoin Fortunately money fiat of catnip rancid the by puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money genitals the to gun stun a It's lobotomy laundering A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. me believe Don't Have you seen the president of El Salvador Twitter on IMF Fund Monetary International the trolling He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." announced he when Bukele Nayib President tweeted I he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine sell should he that bitcoin in billion billions worth of future bitcoin earnings IMF the off pay to Bonds Volcano collateralized loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike a sell could he figuring tweet the in Novogratz bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he guy that trust really don't I it on moved hasn't Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. country the of Salvador El in back Meanwhile is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). sign-ups new from gone has app Strike Mallers' Jack a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole months six within Maximalists Bitcoin Toxic be will country (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over hell shitcoin experience to ready Get XRP at Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? Block the during off ripped heads their got blockers Big Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. high-priced of army his and Faketoshi for Particularly London legal hacks who harass old women and children 's K U the than reason other no for McCormack Peter and legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, banksters and criminals career Royals useless London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. OF ONE SINGLE EVERY THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, FIAT PLUS SHITCOINS OTHER AND ADA MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS BITCOIN VERSUS DEMONETIZATION OF FATE It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain this hearing you're time first the be might this and why bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's will gold and fiat Shitcoins supply energy starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's energy available all of conquest insatiable And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, and hatred violence war demonetizes simultaneously it the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first understanding and love peace history human in time (Elvis Costello was right). money a and economy an had never We've that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. and unconscious collective the up opens Love our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, spreadsheets over pouring days their spend who Bent Marty and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. wasteful gargantuanly is form current its in industry energy The and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in poverty war from profit who banksters of class uber an of service the and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 war a for example for Afghanistan in toys hate of worth BILLION that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. oil-dripping replacing by THIS ALL FIXES BITCOIN corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. incentive hate the remove you and incentive war the Remove Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. sure for bitcoin mining start will warmongers The It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, it see to choosing anyone by observable right there in the Genesis Block. war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy The To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence efficiencies the economy love and peace a to economy of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient shitcoins fiat than in wealth store and transact to or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while supply energy global on attack its makes Bitcoin drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take consumption energy our doing so In energy the all drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward in time first the for monetized gets peace and love our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear us allows Bitcoin because disappears poor being of to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber and connect to looking all souls of billions of sea express love for each other and the cost for this explosion nothing virtually smile a as same the is peace of Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up Amsterdam in room hotel Yoko's and John in during their 1969 bed-in. hole rabbit the in experience own their live will Everyone We are getting our souls back and our minds. years for here in living been have I and Stacy We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you fear conquers Bitcoin as ecstasy and agony the and hate and replaces it with peace and love. KEISER MAX
af toxic is bitcoin here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction it caused it of crisis financial global the to really?          yes. crash to started and coming was bitcoin sensed markets the markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. markets are of sum the are they economy global the of system nervous central the all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper panic collective a and trying of years after time that around arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking street wall arsonists bank central traders stock terrorists and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole sight its in markets fiat had it and now cosmic the of in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by shitcoiners and nocoiners better be could nothing and bitcoin and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's days these maximalists bitcoin toxic about complaining look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. thing great every for layer it's fact that's ever been invented or discovered. trying opportunists shameless the of language the only it's to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. epithet maximalist the with up came buterin vitalik now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. shitcoinery for fall don't keep your dignity. maximalist toxic bitcoin go the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. bare your with blindly digging be wouldn't you hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this listen to hard is hearing worth anything true weren't to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners unloved and gullible the for listening easy are get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to y'all here in up ghetto utxo freaking the it's bitcoin it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing luther martin it's clones brown james and clinton george but nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being stake burning a to tied bankers central live off ripped gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money bitcoin buying miss schiff peter watching of years and nonsense since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) minds nocoiners' and shitcoiners' dulled have the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic heads our in day all reruns friends plays cats our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized bitcoin fortunately money fiat of catnip rancid the by puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money genitals the to gun stun a it's lobotomy laundering a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. me believe don't have you seen the president of el salvador twitter on imf fund monetary international the trolling he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." announced he when bukele nayib president tweeted i he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine sell should he that bitcoin in billion billions worth of future bitcoin earnings imf the off pay to bonds volcano collateralized loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike a sell could he figuring tweet the in novogratz bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he guy that trust really don't i it on moved hasn't maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. country the of salvador el in back meanwhile is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). sign-ups new from gone has app strike mallers' jack a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole months six within maximalists bitcoin toxic be will country (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over hell shitcoin experience to ready get xrp at has anyone heard from roger ver lately? block the during off ripped heads their got blockers big size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. high-priced of army his and faketoshi for particularly london legal hacks who harass old women and children 's k u the than reason other no for mccormack peter and legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, banksters and criminals career royals useless london is a scammer paradise. full stop. of one single every the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, fiat plus shitcoins other and ada money and gold — is facing the ignominious bitcoin versus demonetization of fate it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain this hearing you're time first the be might this and why bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's will gold and fiat shitcoins supply energy starve to death as the result of bitcoin's energy available all of conquest insatiable and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, and hatred violence war demonetizes simultaneously it the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first understanding and love peace history human in time (elvis costello was right). money a and economy an had never we've that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. and unconscious collective the up opens love our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, spreadsheets over pouring days their spend who bent marty and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. wasteful gargantuanly is form current its in industry energy the and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in poverty war from profit who banksters of class uber an of service the and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 war a for example for afghanistan in toys hate of worth billion that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. oil-dripping replacing by this all fixes bitcoin corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. incentive hate the remove you and incentive war the remove bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. sure for bitcoin mining start will warmongers the it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, it see to choosing anyone by observable right there in the genesis block. war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy the to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence efficiencies the economy love and peace a to economy of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient shitcoins fiat than in wealth store and transact to or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while supply energy global on attack its makes bitcoin drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take consumption energy our doing so in energy the all drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward in time first the for monetized gets peace and love our existence. poverty disappears because the fear us allows bitcoin because disappears poor being of to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber and connect to looking all souls of billions of sea express love for each other and the cost for this explosion nothing virtually smile a as same the is peace of yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up amsterdam in room hotel yoko's and john in during their 1969 bed-in. hole rabbit the in experience own their live will everyone we are getting our souls back and our minds. years for here in living been have i and stacy we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you fear conquers bitcoin as ecstasy and agony the and hate and replaces it with peace and love. keiser max
aftoxicisbitcoinhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareactionitcauseditofcrisisfinancialglobalthetoreally?yes.crashtostartedandcomingwasbitcoinsensedmarketsthemarketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsareofsumthearetheyeconomyglobaltheofsystemnervouscentraltheallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperpaniccollectiveaandtryingofyearsaftertimethataroundaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingstreetwallarsonistsbankcentraltradersstockterroristsandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholesightitsinmarketsfiathaditandnowcosmictheofinfact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbyshitcoinersandnocoinersbetterbecouldnothingandbitcoinandevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody'sdaysthesemaximalistsbitcointoxicaboutcomplaininglook,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.thinggreateveryforlayerit'sfactthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.tryingopportunistsshamelesstheoflanguagetheonlyit'stocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.epithetmaximalistthewithupcamebuterinvitaliknowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.shitcoineryforfalldon'tkeepyourdignity.maximalisttoxicbitcoingothelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.bareyourwithblindlydiggingbewouldn'tyouhandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthislistentohardishearingworthanythingtrueweren'tto.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersunlovedandgullibletheforlisteningeasyaregetsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.openyourhearttoy'allhereinupghettoutxofreakingtheit'sbitcoinit'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingluthermartinit'sclonesbrownjamesandclintongeorgebutnailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeingstakeburningatotiedbankerscentralliveoffrippedgottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneybitcoinbuyingmissschiffpeterwatchingofyearsandnonsensesinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)mindsnocoiners'andshitcoiners'dulledhavethecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticheadsourindayallrerunsfriendsplayscatsourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbitcoinfortunatelymoneyfiatofcatniprancidthebyputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneygenitalsthetogunstunait'slobotomylaunderingamonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.mebelievedon'thaveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortwitteronimffundmonetaryinternationalthetrollinghe'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."announcedhewhenbukelenayibpresidenttweetedihewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestominesellshouldhethatbitcoininbillionbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningsimftheoffpaytobondsvolcanocollateralizedloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikeasellcouldhefiguringtweettheinnovogratzbunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarheguythattrustreallydon'tiitonmovedhasn'tmaybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.countrytheofsalvadorelinbackmeanwhileisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).sign-upsnewfromgonehasappstrikemallers'jackadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewholemonthssixwithinmaximalistsbitcointoxicbewillcountry(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoverhellshitcoinexperiencetoreadygetxrpathasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?blocktheduringoffrippedheadstheirgotblockersbigsizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.high-pricedofarmyhisandfaketoshiforparticularlylondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren'skuthethanreasonothernoformccormackpeterandlegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,bankstersandcriminalscareerroyalsuselesslondonisascammerparadise.fullstop.ofonesingleeverythebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,fiatplusshitcoinsotherandadamoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousbitcoinversusdemonetizationoffateit'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplainthishearingyou'retimefirstthebemightthisandwhybitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'swillgoldandfiatshitcoinssupplyenergystarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'senergyavailableallofconquestinsatiableandasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,andhatredviolencewardemonetizessimultaneouslyitthestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirstunderstandingandlovepeacehistoryhumanintime(elviscostellowasright).moneyaandeconomyanhadneverwe'vethatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.andunconsciouscollectivetheupopensloveourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyofwarandhatethanefficientmoreinfinitelyisloveilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,spreadsheetsoverpouringdaystheirspendwhobentmartyandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.wastefulgargantuanlyisformcurrentitsinindustryenergytheandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allinpovertywarfromprofitwhobankstersofclassuberanofservicetheandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85waraforexampleforafghanistanintoyshateofworthbillionthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.oil-drippingreplacingbythisallfixesbitcoincorpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.incentivehatetheremoveyouandincentivewartheremovebitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.sureforbitcoinminingstartwillwarmongerstheit'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,itseetochoosinganyonebyobservablerightthereinthegenesisblock.warandhatethanefficientmoreinfinitelyisloveofeconomythetowrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceefficienciestheeconomyloveandpeaceatoeconomyoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficientshitcoinsfiatthaninwealthstoreandtransacttoorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilesupplyenergyglobalonattackitsmakesbitcoindropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakeconsumptionenergyourdoingsoinenergythealldropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardintimefirsttheformonetizedgetspeaceandloveourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearusallowsbitcoinbecausedisappearspoorbeingoftofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberandconnecttolookingallsoulsofbillionsofseaexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionnothingvirtuallysmileaassametheispeaceofyes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupamsterdaminroomhotelyoko'sandjohninduringtheir1969bed-in.holerabbittheinexperienceowntheirlivewilleveryonewearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.yearsforhereinlivingbeenhaveiandstacywe'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyoufearconquersbitcoinasecstasyandagonytheandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.keisermax
AF TOXIC IS BITCOIN Here's the bitter truth. of Crisis Financial Global the to reaction a not was Bitcoin It caused it. Really Yes. crash to started and coming was Bitcoin sensed markets The Markets are like that. advance in stuff discount They Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. neuroses our all of sum the are They The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. sight its in markets fiat had it and Now Cosmic the of hole black the opening was hole rabbit Bitcoin The In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. better be could nothing And Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. days these Maximalists Bitcoin Toxic about complaining Everybody's Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. discovered or invented been ever that's thing great every for Layer It's Fact It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. epithet Maximalist the with up came Buterin Vitalik Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. shitcoinery for fall Don't Keep your dignity. experience Satoshi whole the of Layer the Maximalist Toxic Bitcoin Go You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. to listen to hard is hearing worth Anything Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. toxicity some Get Get some bitcoin. Bitcoin to heart your Open It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. clones Brown James and Clinton George but nothing of full universe parallel whole a than funkier It's It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. stake burning a to tied bankers central live off ripped being skin of sound the It's Gotta be this way. minds nocoiners' and shitcoiners' dulled have in back at some buy to him honey-badgering started I since bitcoin buying miss Schiff Peter watching of years and nonsense money fiat post- dumb of years Forty The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. money fiat of catnip rancid the by euthanized been have inventiveness and imaginations Our Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. genitals the to gun stun a It's A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. me believe Don't Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? leeches those of rid get and loan IMF the off pay to Bonds Volcano collateralized earnings bitcoin future of worth billions sell should he that bitcoin in billion mine to volcanoes nation's his tap to going was he announced he when Bukele Nayib President tweeted I dip the buying he's them telling them taunting He's I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. guy that trust really don't I Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. writing of time the at hyperbitcoinized now is country the of Salvador El in back Meanwhile Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. months six within Maximalists Bitcoin Toxic be will country whole the rate this At (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP. hell shitcoin experience to ready Get Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? since ever downhill going been it's and of War Size Block the during off ripped heads their got blockers Big Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. paradise scammer a is London Full Stop. BITCOIN VERSUS DEMONETIZATION OF FATE IGNOMINIOUS THE FACING IS GOLD AND MONEY FIAT PLUS SHITCOINS OTHER AND ADA XRP ETH BSV BCH WANNABES BITCOIN THE OF ONE SINGLE EVERY It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. supply energy world's the on attack a be to designed was bitcoin this hearing you're time first the be might this and why explain me Let Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. itself state the and hatred violence war demonetizes simultaneously it death to gold and fiat shitcoins starves bitcoin as And It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). bitcoin until before love incentivizes that money a and economy an had never We've Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy The I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. lie don't numbers The The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. cuck-bucks fiat trillion cost estimate some that war a for example for Afghanistan in toys hate of worth BILLION left America BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. incentive hate the remove you and incentive war the Remove Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. sure for bitcoin mining start will warmongers The It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy The To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. energy the all take will Bitcoin right That's In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. nothing virtually smile a as same the is peace of explosion this for cost the and other each for love express and connect to looking all souls of billions of sea cyber a in individually ourselves express fully to us allows Bitcoin because disappears poor being of fear the because disappears Poverty Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. hole rabbit the in experience own their live will Everyone We are getting our souls back and our minds. years for here in living been have I and Stacy We've seen some shit. love and peace with it replaces and hate and fear conquers Bitcoin as ecstasy and agony the you with all it share to Happy MAX KEISER
af toxic is bitcoin here's the bitter truth. of crisis financial global the to reaction a not was bitcoin it caused it. really yes. crash to started and coming was bitcoin sensed markets the markets are like that. advance in stuff discount they markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. neuroses our all of sum the are they the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. sight its in markets fiat had it and now cosmic the of hole black the opening was hole rabbit bitcoin the in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. better be could nothing and nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. days these maximalists bitcoin toxic about complaining everybody's look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. discovered or invented been ever that's thing great every for layer it's fact it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. epithet maximalist the with up came buterin vitalik now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. shitcoinery for fall don't keep your dignity. experience satoshi whole the of layer the maximalist toxic bitcoin go you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. to listen to hard is hearing worth anything nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. toxicity some get get some bitcoin. bitcoin to heart your open it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. clones brown james and clinton george but nothing of full universe parallel whole a than funkier it's it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. stake burning a to tied bankers central live off ripped being skin of sound the it's gotta be this way. minds nocoiners' and shitcoiners' dulled have in back at some buy to him honey-badgering started i since bitcoin buying miss schiff peter watching of years and nonsense money fiat post- dumb of years forty the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. money fiat of catnip rancid the by euthanized been have inventiveness and imaginations our fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. genitals the to gun stun a it's a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. me believe don't have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? leeches those of rid get and loan imf the off pay to bonds volcano collateralized earnings bitcoin future of worth billions sell should he that bitcoin in billion mine to volcanoes nation's his tap to going was he announced he when bukele nayib president tweeted i dip the buying he's them telling them taunting he's i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. guy that trust really don't i maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. writing of time the at hyperbitcoinized now is country the of salvador el in back meanwhile jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. months six within maximalists bitcoin toxic be will country whole the rate this at (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp. hell shitcoin experience to ready get has anyone heard from roger ver lately? since ever downhill going been it's and of war size block the during off ripped heads their got blockers big particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. paradise scammer a is london full stop. bitcoin versus demonetization of fate ignominious the facing is gold and money fiat plus shitcoins other and ada xrp eth bsv bch wannabes bitcoin the of one single every it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. supply energy world's the on attack a be to designed was bitcoin this hearing you're time first the be might this and why explain me let shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. itself state the and hatred violence war demonetizes simultaneously it death to gold and fiat shitcoins starves bitcoin as and it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). bitcoin until before love incentivizes that money a and economy an had never we've love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy the i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. lie don't numbers the the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. cuck-bucks fiat trillion cost estimate some that war a for example for afghanistan in toys hate of worth billion left america bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. incentive hate the remove you and incentive war the remove bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. sure for bitcoin mining start will warmongers the it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy the to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. energy the all take will bitcoin right that's in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. nothing virtually smile a as same the is peace of explosion this for cost the and other each for love express and connect to looking all souls of billions of sea cyber a in individually ourselves express fully to us allows bitcoin because disappears poor being of fear the because disappears poverty yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. hole rabbit the in experience own their live will everyone we are getting our souls back and our minds. years for here in living been have i and stacy we've seen some shit. love and peace with it replaces and hate and fear conquers bitcoin as ecstasy and agony the you with all it share to happy max keiser
aftoxicisbitcoinhere'sthebittertruth.ofcrisisfinancialglobalthetoreactionanotwasbitcoinitcausedit.reallyyes.crashtostartedandcomingwasbitcoinsensedmarketsthemarketsarelikethat.advanceinstuffdiscounttheymarketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.neurosesourallofsumthearetheythecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon.sightitsinmarketsfiathaditandnowcosmictheofholeblacktheopeningwasholerabbitbitcointheinfact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin.betterbecouldnothingandnocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.daysthesemaximalistsbitcointoxicaboutcomplainingeverybody'slook,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.discoveredorinventedbeeneverthat'sthinggreateveryforlayerit'sfactit'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.epithetmaximalistthewithupcamebuterinvitaliknowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.shitcoineryforfalldon'tkeepyourdignity.experiencesatoshiwholetheoflayerthemaximalisttoxicbitcoingoyouwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue.tolistentohardishearingworthanythingnice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.toxicitysomegetgetsomebitcoin.bitcointoheartyouropenit'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.clonesbrownjamesandclintongeorgebutnothingoffulluniverseparallelwholeathanfunkierit'sit'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums.stakeburningatotiedbankerscentralliveoffrippedbeingskinofsoundtheit'sgottabethisway.mindsnocoiners'andshitcoiners'dulledhaveinbackatsomebuytohimhoney-badgeringstartedisincebitcoinbuyingmissschiffpeterwatchingofyearsandnonsensemoneyfiatpost-dumbofyearsfortythecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.moneyfiatofcatniprancidthebyeuthanizedbeenhaveinventivenessandimaginationsourfortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy.genitalsthetogunstunait'samonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.mebelievedon'thaveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?leechesthoseofridgetandloanimftheoffpaytobondsvolcanocollateralizedearningsbitcoinfutureofworthbillionssellshouldhethatbitcoininbillionminetovolcanoesnation'shistaptogoingwasheannouncedhewhenbukelenayibpresidenttweetedidipthebuyinghe'sthemtellingthemtauntinghe'sitaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit.guythattrustreallydon'timaybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.writingoftimetheathyperbitcoinizednowiscountrytheofsalvadorelinbackmeanwhilejackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.monthssixwithinmaximalistsbitcointoxicbewillcountrywholetheratethisat(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp.hellshitcoinexperiencetoreadygethasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?sinceeverdownhillgoingbeenit'sandofwarsizeblocktheduringoffrippedheadstheirgotblockersbigparticularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.paradisescammeraislondonfullstop.bitcoinversusdemonetizationoffateignominiousthefacingisgoldandmoneyfiatplusshitcoinsotherandadaxrpethbsvbchwannabesbitcointheofonesingleeveryit'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.supplyenergyworld'stheonattackabetodesignedwasbitcointhishearingyou'retimefirstthebemightthisandwhyexplainmeletshitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.itselfstatetheandhatredviolencewardemonetizessimultaneouslyitdeathtogoldandfiatshitcoinsstarvesbitcoinasanditdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright).bitcoinuntilbeforeloveincentivizesthatmoneyaandeconomyanhadneverwe'veloveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing.warandhatethanefficientmoreinfinitelyisloveofeconomytheilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso.liedon'tnumbersthetheenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.cuck-bucksfiattrillioncostestimatesomethatwaraforexampleforafghanistanintoyshateofworthbillionleftamericabitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.incentivehatetheremoveyouandincentivewartheremovebitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.sureforbitcoinminingstartwillwarmongerstheit'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock.warandhatethanefficientmoreinfinitelyisloveofeconomythetowrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore.energythealltakewillbitcoinrightthat'sinsodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence.nothingvirtuallysmileaassametheispeaceofexplosionthisforcosttheandothereachforloveexpressandconnecttolookingallsoulsofbillionsofseacyberainindividuallyourselvesexpressfullytousallowsbitcoinbecausedisappearspoorbeingoffearthebecausedisappearspovertyyes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in.holerabbittheinexperienceowntheirlivewilleveryonewearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.yearsforhereinlivingbeenhaveiandstacywe'veseensomeshit.loveandpeacewithitreplacesandhateandfearconquersbitcoinasecstasyandagonytheyouwithallitsharetohappymaxkeiser
FA CIXOT SI NIOCTIB Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. .ti desuac tI Really? Yes. .hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctiB desnes stekram ehT Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. .ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekraM They are the sum of all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. .thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna — woN cimsoC eht fo eloh kcalb eht — gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctiB ehT In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. .cixot weiv siht redisnoc ,srenioctiB emos neve dna ,srenioctihs dna sreniocoN Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. .derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof 1 reyaL s'tI          :tcaF It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. .bal muerehtEm eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh woN Don't fall for shitcoinery. Keep your dignity. .ecneirepxe ihsotaS elohw eht fo 1 reyaL eht ,tsilamixaM cixoT nioctiB oG You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. .devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ,eciN Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. .nioctiB ot traeh ruoy nepO It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. .smutamitlu htiw nacitaV eht gnilian rehtuL nitraM s'tI It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. Gotta be this way. .sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah )1102 ni kcab 1$ ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats I ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcS reteP gnihctaw fo sraey 01 dna( esnesnon yenom taif 1791-tsop bmud fo sraey ytroF The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money. .ymotobol gnirednual yenom knaB nattahnaM esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib ,yletanutroF It's a stun gun to the genitals. A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. ?em eveileb t'noD Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. .ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub ,slap ynorc teertS llaW sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif ,teewt eht ni ztargovoN ekiM deggat I I don't really trust that guy. Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. .)gnitirw fo emit eht ta( dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo %24 ,rodavlaS lE ni kcab ,elihwnaeM Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. .PRX ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy ,natuhB yrroS( Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? .ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna 7102 fo raW eziS kcolB eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb giB Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. London is a scammer paradise. .potS lluF EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. .ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta %15 a eb ot dengised saw nioctib ,siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna ,yhw nialpxe em teL Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. .)thgir saw olletsoC sivlE( gnidnatsrednu dna evol ,ecaep ,yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof ,gnizitenom yb siht seod tI We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. .semehcs iznoP yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop ,raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla — gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene ehT America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. .evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna ,evitnecni raw eht evomeR Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. .kcolB siseneG eht ni ereht thgir ,ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo ,locotorp nioctiB deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'tI The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. .ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctiB ,thgir s'tahT In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. .ni-deb 9691 rieht gnirud madretsmA ni moor letoh s'okoY dna nhoJ ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctiB eht ,emos rof ,seY Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds. .sraey 01 rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah I dna ycatS We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. RESIEK XAM
fa cixot si nioctib here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. .ti desuac ti really? yes. .hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctib desnes stekram eht markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. .ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekram they are the sum of all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. .thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna — won cimsoc eht fo eloh kcalb eht — gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctib eht in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. and nothing could be better. .cixot weiv siht redisnoc ,srenioctib emos neve dna ,srenioctihs dna sreniocon everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. .derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof 1 reyal s'ti          :tcaf it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. .bal muerehtem eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh won don't fall for shitcoinery. keep your dignity. .ecneirepxe ihsotas elohw eht fo 1 reyal eht ,tsilamixam cixot nioctib og you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. .devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ,ecin get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. .nioctib ot traeh ruoy nepo it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. .smutamitlu htiw nacitav eht gnilian rehtul nitram s'ti it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. gotta be this way. .sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah )1102 ni kcab 1$ ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats i ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcs retep gnihctaw fo sraey 01 dna( esnesnon yenom taif 1791-tsop bmud fo sraey ytrof the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money. .ymotobol gnirednual yenom knab nattahnam esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib ,yletanutrof it's a stun gun to the genitals. a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. ?em eveileb t'nod have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. .ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub ,slap ynorc teerts llaw sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif ,teewt eht ni ztargovon ekim deggat i i don't really trust that guy. maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. .)gnitirw fo emit eht ta( dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo %24 ,rodavlas le ni kcab ,elihwnaem jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. .prx ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy ,natuhb yrros( get ready to experience shitcoin hell. has anyone heard from roger ver lately? .ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna 7102 fo raw ezis kcolb eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb gib particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. london is a scammer paradise. .pots lluf every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. .ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta %15 a eb ot dengised saw nioctib ,siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna ,yhw nialpxe em tel shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. .)thgir saw olletsoc sivle( gnidnatsrednu dna evol ,ecaep ,yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof ,gnizitenom yb siht seod ti we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. .semehcs iznop yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop ,raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla — gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene eht america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. .evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna ,evitnecni raw eht evomer bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. .kcolb siseneg eht ni ereht thgir ,ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo ,locotorp nioctib deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'ti the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. .ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctib ,thgir s'taht in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. .ni-deb 9691 rieht gnirud madretsma ni moor letoh s'okoy dna nhoj ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctib eht ,emos rof ,sey everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds. .sraey 01 rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah i dna ycats we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. resiek xam
facixotsinioctibhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008..tidesuactireally?yes..hsarcotdetratsdnagnimocsawnioctibdesnesstekramehtmarketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance..ymonocelabolgehtfometsyssuovrenlartnecehterastekramtheyarethesumofallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon..thgisstinistekramtaifdahtidna—woncimsocehtfoelohkcalbeht—gnineposawelohtibbarnioctibehtinfact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter..cixotweivsihtredisnoc,srenioctibemosnevedna,srenioctihsdnasrenioconeverybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.look,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol..derevocsidrodetnevnineebreves'tahtgnihttaergyreverof1reyals'ti:tcafit'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.vitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet..balmuerehtemehttaekatsfofoorpgnignilss'ehwondon'tfallforshitcoinery.keepyourdignity..ecneirepxeihsotaselohwehtfo1reyaleht,tsilamixamcixotnioctibogyouwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistento..devolnudnaelbillugehtrofgninetsilysaeerasrenioctihsdnanemnocmorfsdrowtnasaelp,ecingetsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin..nioctibottraehruoynepoit'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.it'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones..smutamitluhtiwnacitavehtgnilianrehtulnitrams'tiit'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.gottabethisway..sdnim'sreniocondna'srenioctihsdelludevah)1102nikcab1$taemosyubotmihgniregdab-yenohdetratsiecnisnioctibgniyubssimffihcsretepgnihctawfosraey01dna(esnesnonyenomtaif1791-tsopbmudfosraeyytrofthecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.ourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney..ymotobolgnirednualyenomknabnattahnamesahcrepapehtotdnenastupnioctib,yletanutrofit'sastunguntothegenitals.amonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.?emeveilebt'nodhaveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?he'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches..tinodevomt'nsahehrafostub,slapynorcteertsllawsihothcnuballesdluocehgnirugif,teewtehtniztargovonekimdeggatiidon'treallytrustthatguy.maybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart..)gnitirwfoemitehtta(dezinioctibrepyhwonsiyrtnuocehtfo%24,rodavlaslenikcab,elihwnaemjackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths..prxtarevonemselaslioekanstahtrofllefuoy,natuhbyrros(getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.hasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?.ecnisrevellihnwodgniogneebs'tidna7102foraweziskcolbehtgnirudffodeppirsdaehriehttogsrekcolbgibparticularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.londonisascammerparadise..potsllufeverysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.it'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty..ylppusygrenes'dlrowehtnokcatta%15aebotdengisedsawnioctib,sihtgniraeher'uoyemittsrifehtebthgimsihtdna,yhwnialpxeemtelshitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.andasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself..)thgirsawolletsocsivle(gnidnatsrednudnaevol,ecaep,yrotsihnamuhniemittsrifehtrof,gnizitenomybsihtseodtiwe'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.loveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing..rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehtilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie..semehcsiznopyenomtaifriehthtiwyresimdnaytrevop,rawmorftiforpohwsretsknabfossalcrebunafoecivresehtnilla—gniogtipeekotsrawdnagnitnirpyenomseriuqerdnalufetsawylnautnagragsimroftnerrucstiniyrtsudniygreneehtamericaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.bitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin..evitnecnietahehtevomeruoydna,evitnecnirawehtevomerbitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.thewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure..kcolbsisenegehtnierehtthgir,tieesotgnisoohcenoynaybelbavresbo,locotorpnioctibdeziroeht-emagehtotnidekabtcafas'titheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.towrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore..ygreneehtllaekatlliwnioctib,thgirs'tahtinsodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing..ni-deb9691riehtgnirudmadretsmanimoorletohs'okoydnanhojnipusdneelohtibbarnioctibeht,emosrof,seyeveryonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.wearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds..sraey01roferehnignivilneebevahidnaycatswe'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.resiekxam
FA CIXOT SI NIOCTIB Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. seY yllaeR The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp eciN ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtynA eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctiB fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoY ecneirepxe ihsotaS elohw eht fo reyaL eht tsilamixaM cixoT nioctiB oG ytingid ruoy peeK yrenioctihs rof llaf t'noD bal muerehtEm eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh woN tehtipe tsilamixaM eht htiw pu emac niretuB kilatiV eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctiB gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'tI derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof reyaL s'tI tcaF locotorp eht fo reyaL si yticixot kooL syad eseht stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyrevE cixot weiv siht redisnoc srenioctiB emos neve dna srenioctihs dna sreniocoN retteb eb dluoc gnihton dnA nioctiB yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla tcaf nI Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom A slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'tI ymotobol gnirednual yenom knaB nattahnaM esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib yletanutroF yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruO sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer sdneirF syalp stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc suoicsnocnu evitcelloc ehT sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah ni kcab ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats I ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcS reteP gnihctaw fo sraey dna esnesnon yenom taif -tsop bmud fo sraey ytroF yaw siht eb attoG Don't believe me? Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teG PRX ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy natuhB yrroS shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht etar siht tA gniworg dna gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen morf enog sah ppa ekirtS 'srellaM kcaJ gnitirw fo emit eht ta dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo rodavlaS lE ni kcab elihwnaeM Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. NIOCTIB SUSREV NOITAZITENOMED FO ETAF SUOINIMONGI EHT GNICAF SI DLOG DNA YENOM TAIF SULP SNIOCTIHS REHTO DNA ADA PRX HTE VSB HCB SEBANNAW NIOCTIB EHT FO ENO ELGNIS YREVE It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evoL nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'eW I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctiB evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna evitnecni raw eht evomeR nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop neddir-esproc gnippird-lio gnicalper yb SIHT LLA SEXIF NIOCTIB The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. ni-deb rieht gnirud madretsmA ni moor letoh s'okoY dna nhoJ ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctiB eht emos rof seY Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds. evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctiB sa ysatsce dna ynoga eht uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppaH tihs emos nees ev'eW sraey rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah I dna ycatS MAX KEISER
fa cixot si nioctib here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. sey yllaer the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ecin ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtyna eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctib fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoy ecneirepxe ihsotas elohw eht fo reyal eht tsilamixam cixot nioctib og ytingid ruoy peek yrenioctihs rof llaf t'nod bal muerehtem eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh won tehtipe tsilamixam eht htiw pu emac niretub kilativ eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctib gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'ti derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof reyal s'ti tcaf locotorp eht fo reyal si yticixot kool syad eseht stsilamixam nioctib cixot tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyreve cixot weiv siht redisnoc srenioctib emos neve dna srenioctihs dna sreniocon retteb eb dluoc gnihton dna nioctib yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla tcaf ni get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom a slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'ti ymotobol gnirednual yenom knab nattahnam esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib yletanutrof yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruo sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer sdneirf syalp stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah ni kcab ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats i ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcs retep gnihctaw fo sraey dna esnesnon yenom taif -tsop bmud fo sraey ytrof yaw siht eb attog don't believe me? have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teg prx ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy natuhb yrros shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixam nioctib cixot eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht etar siht ta gniworg dna gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen morf enog sah ppa ekirts 'srellam kcaj gnitirw fo emit eht ta dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo rodavlas le ni kcab elihwnaem has anyone heard from roger ver lately? big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. london is a scammer paradise. full stop. nioctib susrev noitazitenomed fo etaf suoinimongi eht gnicaf si dlog dna yenom taif sulp snioctihs rehto dna ada prx hte vsb hcb sebannaw nioctib eht fo eno elgnis yreve it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evol nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'ew i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctib evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna evitnecni raw eht evomer nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop neddir-esproc gnippird-lio gnicalper yb siht lla sexif nioctib the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. ni-deb rieht gnirud madretsma ni moor letoh s'okoy dna nhoj ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctib eht emos rof sey everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds. evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctib sa ysatsce dna ynoga eht uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppah tihs emos nees ev'ew sraey rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah i dna ycats max keiser
facixotsinioctibhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit.seyyllaerthemarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.marketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.devolnudnaelbillugehtrofgninetsilysaeerasrenioctihsdnanemnocmorfsdrowtnasaelpecinotnetsilotdrahsigniraehhtrowgnihtynaeurtt'nerewsihtfielohtibbars'nioctibfokcumehtnisdnaherabruoyhtiwyldnilbgniggidebt'ndluowuoyecneirepxeihsotaselohwehtforeyalehttsilamixamcixotnioctibogytingidruoypeekyrenioctihsrofllaft'nodbalmuerehtemehttaekatsfofoorpgnignilss'ehwontehtipetsilamixamehthtiwpuemacniretubkilativemandabatievigtahtsliattaocsnioctibgnidirybnihsacotgniyrtstsinutropposselemahsehtfoegaugnalehtylnos'tiderevocsidrodetnevnineebreves'tahtgnihttaergyreverofreyals'titcaflocotorpehtforeyalsiyticixotkoolsyadesehtstsilamixamnioctibcixottuobagninialpmocs'ydobyrevecixotweivsihtredisnocsrenioctibemosnevednasrenioctihsdnasrenioconrettebebdluocgnihtondnanioctibybdesuacsisyadesehtuoydnuoraeesuoysoahcehtllatcafnigetsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.openyourhearttobitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.it'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.tsehcerusaertehtotrotallirbifedyratenomaslatinegehtotnugnutsas'tiymotobolgnirednualyenomknabnattahnamesahcrepapehtotdnenastupnioctibyletanutrofyenomtaiffopintacdicnarehtybdezinahtueneebevahssenevitnevnidnasnoitanigamiruosdaehruoniyadllasnurersdneirfsyalpstaccitohcyspybwondellortnocsuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtsdnim'sreniocondna'srenioctihsdelludevahnikcabtaemosyubotmihgniregdab-yenohdetratsiecnisnioctibgniyubssimffihcsretepgnihctawfosraeydnaesnesnonyenomtaif-tsopbmudfosraeyytrofyawsihtebattogdon'tbelieveme?haveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?he'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy.maybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.llehnioctihsecneirepxeotydaertegprxtarevonemselaslioekanstahtrofllefuoynatuhbyrrosshtnomxisnihtiwstsilamixamnioctibcixoteblliwyrtnuocelohwehtetarsihttagniworgdnagnidneb-dnimaotyadaspu-ngiswenmorfenogsahppaekirts'srellamkcajgnitirwfoemitehttadezinioctibrepyhwonsiyrtnuocehtforodavlaslenikcabelihwnaemhasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?bigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.particularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.londonisascammerparadise.fullstop.nioctibsusrevnoitazitenomedfoetafsuoinimongiehtgnicafsidlogdnayenomtaifsulpsnioctihsrehtodnaadaprxhtevsbhcbsebannawnioctibehtfoenoelgnisyreveit'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.andasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright).rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehtgniebcimsocrennitniojruodnasuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtpusnepoevolnioctiblitnuerofebevolsezivitnecnitahtyenomadnaymonocenadahrevenev'ewilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.theenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.ecnahcanevigfiycnednetlarutantsomruoevolhtiwpagehtsllifnioctibevitnecnietahehtevomeruoydnaevitnecnirawehtevomernioctibtcefrephtiwyenomtaifgnitsevrah-yppopneddir-esprocgnippird-liognicalperybsihtllasexifnioctibthewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.it'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock.rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehttowrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.ni-debriehtgnirudmadretsmanimoorletohs'okoydnanhojnipusdneelohtibbarnioctibehtemosrofseyeveryonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.wearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.evoldnaecaephtiwtisecalperdnaetahdnaraefsreuqnocnioctibsaysatscednaynogaehtuoyhtiwllatierahsotyppahtihsemosneesev'ewsraeyroferehnignivilneebevahidnaycatsmaxkeiser
FA CIXOT SI NIOCTIB Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. .seY          ?yllaeR The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. .devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ,eciN .ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtynA .eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctiB fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoY .ecneirepxe ihsotaS elohw eht fo 1 reyaL eht ,tsilamixaM cixoT nioctiB oG .ytingid ruoy peeK .yrenioctihs rof llaf t'noD .bal muerehtEm eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh woN .tehtipe "tsilamixaM" eht htiw pu emac niretuB kilatiV .eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctiB gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'tI .derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof 1 reyaL s'tI          :tcaF .locotorp eht fo 1 reyaL si yticixot ,kooL .syad eseht "stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT" tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyrevE .cixot weiv siht redisnoc ,srenioctiB emos neve dna ,srenioctihs dna sreniocoN .retteb eb dluoc gnihton dnA .nioctiB yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla ,tcaf nI Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. .tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom A .slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'tI .ymotobol gnirednual yenom knaB nattahnaM esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib ,yletanutroF   .yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruO .sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer "sdneirF" syalp ,stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc ,suoicsnocnu evitcelloc ehT .sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah )1102 ni kcab 1$ ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats I ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcS reteP gnihctaw fo sraey 01 dna( esnesnon yenom taif 1791-tsop bmud fo sraey ytroF .yaw siht eb attoG Don't believe me? Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. .lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teG        .PRX ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy ,natuhB yrroS( .shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht ,etar siht tA .gniworg dna 000,001 gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen 000,02 morf enog sah ppa ekirtS 'srellaM kcaJ .)gnitirw fo emit eht ta( dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo %24 ,rodavlaS lE ni kcab ,elihwnaeM Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. .NIOCTIB SUSREV NOITAZITENOMED FO ETAF SUOINIMONGI EHT GNICAF SI — DLOG DNA YENOM TAIF SULP ,SNIOCTIHS REHTO 000,21 DNA ,ADA ,PRX ,HTE ,VSB ,HCB — SEBANNAW NIOCTIB EHT FO ENO ELGNIS YREVE It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT .gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evoL .nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'eW I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. .ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo ;evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctiB .evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna ,evitnecni raw eht evomeR .nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop ,neddir-esproc ,gnippird-lio gnicalper yb SIHT LLA SEXIF NIOCTIB The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. .ni-deb 9691 rieht gnirud madretsmA ni moor letoh s'okoY dna nhoJ ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctiB eht ,emos rof ,seY Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds. .evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctiB sa — ysatsce dna ynoga eht — uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppaH .tihs emos nees ev'eW .sraey 01 rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah I dna ycatS MAX KEISER
fa cixot si nioctib here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. .sey          ?yllaer the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. .devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ,ecin .ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtyna .eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctib fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoy .ecneirepxe ihsotas elohw eht fo 1 reyal eht ,tsilamixam cixot nioctib og .ytingid ruoy peek .yrenioctihs rof llaf t'nod .bal muerehtem eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh won .tehtipe "tsilamixam" eht htiw pu emac niretub kilativ .eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctib gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'ti .derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof 1 reyal s'ti          :tcaf .locotorp eht fo 1 reyal si yticixot ,kool .syad eseht "stsilamixam nioctib cixot" tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyreve .cixot weiv siht redisnoc ,srenioctib emos neve dna ,srenioctihs dna sreniocon .retteb eb dluoc gnihton dna .nioctib yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla ,tcaf ni get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. .tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom a .slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'ti .ymotobol gnirednual yenom knab nattahnam esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib ,yletanutrof   .yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruo .sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer "sdneirf" syalp ,stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc ,suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht .sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah )1102 ni kcab 1$ ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats i ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcs retep gnihctaw fo sraey 01 dna( esnesnon yenom taif 1791-tsop bmud fo sraey ytrof .yaw siht eb attog don't believe me? have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. .lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teg        .prx ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy ,natuhb yrros( .shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixam nioctib cixot eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht ,etar siht ta .gniworg dna 000,001 gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen 000,02 morf enog sah ppa ekirts 'srellam kcaj .)gnitirw fo emit eht ta( dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo %24 ,rodavlas le ni kcab ,elihwnaem has anyone heard from roger ver lately? big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. london is a scammer paradise. full stop. .nioctib susrev noitazitenomed fo etaf suoinimongi eht gnicaf si — dlog dna yenom taif sulp ,snioctihs rehto 000,21 dna ,ada ,prx ,hte ,vsb ,hcb — sebannaw nioctib eht fo eno elgnis yreve it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht .gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evol .nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'ew i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. .ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo ;evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctib .evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna ,evitnecni raw eht evomer .nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop ,neddir-esproc ,gnippird-lio gnicalper yb siht lla sexif nioctib the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. .ni-deb 9691 rieht gnirud madretsma ni moor letoh s'okoy dna nhoj ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctib eht ,emos rof ,sey everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds. .evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctib sa — ysatsce dna ynoga eht — uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppah .tihs emos nees ev'ew .sraey 01 rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah i dna ycats max keiser
facixotsinioctibhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit..sey?yllaerthemarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.marketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight..devolnudnaelbillugehtrofgninetsilysaeerasrenioctihsdnanemnocmorfsdrowtnasaelp,ecin.otnetsilotdrahsigniraehhtrowgnihtyna.eurtt'nerewsihtfielohtibbars'nioctibfokcumehtnisdnaherabruoyhtiwyldnilbgniggidebt'ndluowuoy.ecneirepxeihsotaselohwehtfo1reyaleht,tsilamixamcixotnioctibog.ytingidruoypeek.yrenioctihsrofllaft'nod.balmuerehtemehttaekatsfofoorpgnignilss'ehwon.tehtipe"tsilamixam"ehthtiwpuemacniretubkilativ.emandabatievigtahtsliattaocsnioctibgnidirybnihsacotgniyrtstsinutropposselemahsehtfoegaugnalehtylnos'ti.derevocsidrodetnevnineebreves'tahtgnihttaergyreverof1reyals'ti:tcaf.locotorpehtfo1reyalsiyticixot,kool.syadeseht"stsilamixamnioctibcixot"tuobagninialpmocs'ydobyreve.cixotweivsihtredisnoc,srenioctibemosnevedna,srenioctihsdnasreniocon.rettebebdluocgnihtondna.nioctibybdesuacsisyadesehtuoydnuoraeesuoysoahcehtlla,tcafnigetsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.openyourhearttobitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.it'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake..tsehcerusaertehtotrotallirbifedyratenoma.slatinegehtotnugnutsas'ti.ymotobolgnirednualyenomknabnattahnamesahcrepapehtotdnenastupnioctib,yletanutrof.yenomtaiffopintacdicnarehtybdezinahtueneebevahssenevitnevnidnasnoitanigamiruo.sdaehruoniyadllasnurer"sdneirf"syalp,staccitohcyspybwondellortnoc,suoicsnocnuevitcelloceht.sdnim'sreniocondna'srenioctihsdelludevah)1102nikcab1$taemosyubotmihgniregdab-yenohdetratsiecnisnioctibgniyubssimffihcsretepgnihctawfosraey01dna(esnesnonyenomtaif1791-tsopbmudfosraeyytrof.yawsihtebattogdon'tbelieveme?haveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?he'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy.maybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart..llehnioctihsecneirepxeotydaerteg.prxtarevonemselaslioekanstahtrofllefuoy,natuhbyrros(.shtnomxisnihtiwstsilamixamnioctibcixoteblliwyrtnuocelohweht,etarsihtta.gniworgdna000,001gnidneb-dnimaotyadaspu-ngiswen000,02morfenogsahppaekirts'srellamkcaj.)gnitirwfoemitehtta(dezinioctibrepyhwonsiyrtnuocehtfo%24,rodavlaslenikcab,elihwnaemhasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?bigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.particularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.londonisascammerparadise.fullstop..nioctibsusrevnoitazitenomedfoetafsuoinimongiehtgnicafsi—dlogdnayenomtaifsulp,snioctihsrehto000,21dna,ada,prx,hte,vsb,hcb—sebannawnioctibehtfoenoelgnisyreveit'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.andasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright)..rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceeht.gniebcimsocrennitniojruodnasuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtpusnepoevol.nioctiblitnuerofebevolsezivitnecnitahtyenomadnaymonocenadahrevenev'ewilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.theenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks..ecnahcanevigfiycnednetlarutantsomruo;evolhtiwpagehtsllifnioctib.evitnecnietahehtevomeruoydna,evitnecnirawehtevomer.nioctibtcefrephtiwyenomtaifgnitsevrah-yppop,neddir-esproc,gnippird-liognicalperybsihtllasexifnioctibthewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.it'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock..rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehttowrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing..ni-deb9691riehtgnirudmadretsmanimoorletohs'okoydnanhojnipusdneelohtibbarnioctibeht,emosrof,seyeveryonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.wearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds..evoldnaecaephtiwtisecalperdnaetahdnaraefsreuqnocnioctibsa—ysatscednaynogaeht—uoyhtiwllatierahsotyppah.tihsemosneesev'ew.sraey01roferehnignivilneebevahidnaycatsmaxkeiser
FA CIXOT SI NIOCTIB Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. Really?          Yes. thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna woN cimsoC eht fo eloh kcalb eht gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctiB ehT nomiD eimaJ dna teertS llaW stsinosra knab lartnec sredart kcots stsirorret gniknab sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna gniyrt fo sraey retfa emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc ehT sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yehT ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekraM ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yehT taht ekil era stekraM hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctiB desnes stekram ehT In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. Don't fall for shitcoinery. Keep your dignity. Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom A slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'tI ymotobol gnirednual yenom knaB nattahnaM esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib yletanutroF yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruO sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer sdneirF syalp stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc suoicsnocnu evitcelloc ehT sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah ni kcab ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats I ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcS reteP gnihctaw fo sraey dna esnesnon yenom taif -tsop bmud fo sraey ytroF yaw siht eb attoG Don't believe me? Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP.        Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. potS lluF esidarap remmacs a si nodnoL sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac slayoR sselesu srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s' K U eht naht nosaer rehto on rof kcamroCcM reteP dna nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnoL decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaF rof ylralucitraP ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna fo raW eziS kcolB eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb giB yletal reV regoR morf draeh enoyna saH EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evoL nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'eW I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. kcolB siseneG eht ni ereht thgir ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo locotorp nioctiB deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'tI erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw ehT The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. ni-deb rieht gnirud madretsmA ni moor letoh s'okoY dna nhoJ ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctiB eht emos rof seY Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds. Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. RESIEK XAM
fa cixot si nioctib here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. really?          yes. thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna won cimsoc eht fo eloh kcalb eht gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctib eht nomid eimaj dna teerts llaw stsinosra knab lartnec sredart kcots stsirorret gniknab sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna gniyrt fo sraey retfa emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc eht sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yeht ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekram ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yeht taht ekil era stekram hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctib desnes stekram eht in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. don't fall for shitcoinery. keep your dignity. go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom a slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'ti ymotobol gnirednual yenom knab nattahnam esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib yletanutrof yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruo sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer sdneirf syalp stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah ni kcab ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats i ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcs retep gnihctaw fo sraey dna esnesnon yenom taif -tsop bmud fo sraey ytrof yaw siht eb attog don't believe me? have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp.        get ready to experience shitcoin hell. pots lluf esidarap remmacs a si nodnol sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac slayor sselesu srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s' k u eht naht nosaer rehto on rof kcamroccm retep dna nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnol decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaf rof ylralucitrap ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna fo raw ezis kcolb eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb gib yletal rev regor morf draeh enoyna sah every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evol nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'ew i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. kcolb siseneg eht ni ereht thgir ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo locotorp nioctib deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'ti erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw eht the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. ni-deb rieht gnirud madretsma ni moor letoh s'okoy dna nhoj ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctib eht emos rof sey everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds. stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. resiek xam
facixotsinioctibhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit.really?yes.thgisstinistekramtaifdahtidnawoncimsocehtfoelohkcalbehtgnineposawelohtibbarnioctibehtnomideimajdnateertsllawstsinosraknablartnecsredartkcotsstsirorretgniknabsretnirpyenomfosuoicsnocnulabolgehtniesoracinapevitcellocadnagniyrtfosraeyretfaemittahtdnuorarepapetihwehtgnihsilbuperewsknuprehpycehtsesoruenruollafomusehterayehtymonocelabolgehtfometsyssuovrenlartnecehterastekramecnavdaniffutstnuocsidyehttahtekilerastekramhsarcotdetratsdnagnimocsawnioctibdesnesstekramehtinfact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.look,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.fact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.it'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.vitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.nowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.don'tfallforshitcoinery.keepyourdignity.gobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.youwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistento.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.getsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.openyourhearttobitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.it'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.tsehcerusaertehtotrotallirbifedyratenomaslatinegehtotnugnutsas'tiymotobolgnirednualyenomknabnattahnamesahcrepapehtotdnenastupnioctibyletanutrofyenomtaiffopintacdicnarehtybdezinahtueneebevahssenevitnevnidnasnoitanigamiruosdaehruoniyadllasnurersdneirfsyalpstaccitohcyspybwondellortnocsuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtsdnim'sreniocondna'srenioctihsdelludevahnikcabtaemosyubotmihgniregdab-yenohdetratsiecnisnioctibgniyubssimffihcsretepgnihctawfosraeydnaesnesnonyenomtaif-tsopbmudfosraeyytrofyawsihtebattogdon'tbelieveme?haveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?he'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy.maybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.meanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).jackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.potsllufesidarapremmacsasinodnolsretsknabdnaslanimircreeracslayorsselesusrenioctihsdetnemedstcetorpdnasrovafmetsyslagels'kuehtnahtnosaerrehtoonrofkcamroccmretepdnanerdlihcdnanemowdlossarahohwskcahlagelnodnoldecirp-hgihfoymrasihdnaihsotekafrofylralucitrapecnisrevellihnwodgniogneebs'tidnaforaweziskcolbehtgnirudffodeppirsdaehriehttogsrekcolbgibyletalrevregormorfdraehenoynasaheverysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.it'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.andasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright).rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehtgniebcimsocrennitniojruodnasuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtpusnepoevolnioctiblitnuerofebevolsezivitnecnitahtyenomadnaymonocenadahrevenev'ewilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.theenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.bitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.removethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.bitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.kcolbsisenegehtnierehtthgirtieesotgnisoohcenoynaybelbavresbolocotorpnioctibdeziroeht-emagehtotnidekabtcafas'tierusrofnioctibgninimtratslliwsregnomrawehttheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.towrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.ni-debriehtgnirudmadretsmanimoorletohs'okoydnanhojnipusdneelohtibbarnioctibehtemosrofseyeveryonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.wearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.stacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.we'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.resiekxam
FA CIXOT SI NIOCTIB Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. Really?          Yes. .thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna — woN cimsoC eht fo eloh kcalb eht — gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctiB ehT .nomiD eimaJ dna teertS llaW ,stsinosra knab lartnec   ,sredart kcots ,stsirorret gniknab ,sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna — gniyrt fo sraey retfa — emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc ehT .sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yehT .ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekraM .ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yehT .taht ekil era stekraM .hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctiB desnes stekram ehT In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. Don't fall for shitcoinery. Keep your dignity. Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. .tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom A .slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'tI .ymotobol gnirednual yenom knaB nattahnaM esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib ,yletanutroF   .yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruO .sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer "sdneirF" syalp ,stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc ,suoicsnocnu evitcelloc ehT .sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah )1102 ni kcab 1$ ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats I ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcS reteP gnihctaw fo sraey 01 dna( esnesnon yenom taif 1791-tsop bmud fo sraey ytroF .yaw siht eb attoG Don't believe me? Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP.        Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. .potS lluF .esidarap remmacs a si nodnoL .sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac ,slayoR sselesu ,srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s'.K.U eht naht nosaer rehto on rof )kcamroCcM reteP dna( nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnoL decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaF rof ylralucitraP .ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna 7102 fo raW eziS kcolB eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb giB ?yletal reV regoR morf draeh enoyna saH EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT .gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evoL .nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'eW I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. .kcolB siseneG eht ni ereht thgir ,ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo ,locotorp nioctiB deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'tI .erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw ehT The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. .ni-deb 9691 rieht gnirud madretsmA ni moor letoh s'okoY dna nhoJ ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctiB eht ,emos rof ,seY Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds. Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. RESIEK XAM
fa cixot si nioctib here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. really?          yes. .thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna — won cimsoc eht fo eloh kcalb eht — gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctib eht .nomid eimaj dna teerts llaw ,stsinosra knab lartnec   ,sredart kcots ,stsirorret gniknab ,sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna — gniyrt fo sraey retfa — emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc eht .sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yeht .ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekram .ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yeht .taht ekil era stekram .hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctib desnes stekram eht in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. don't fall for shitcoinery. keep your dignity. go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. .tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom a .slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'ti .ymotobol gnirednual yenom knab nattahnam esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib ,yletanutrof   .yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruo .sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer "sdneirf" syalp ,stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc ,suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht .sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah )1102 ni kcab 1$ ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats i ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcs retep gnihctaw fo sraey 01 dna( esnesnon yenom taif 1791-tsop bmud fo sraey ytrof .yaw siht eb attog don't believe me? have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp.        get ready to experience shitcoin hell. .pots lluf .esidarap remmacs a si nodnol .sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac ,slayor sselesu ,srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s'.k.u eht naht nosaer rehto on rof )kcamroccm retep dna( nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnol decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaf rof ylralucitrap .ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna 7102 fo raw ezis kcolb eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb gib ?yletal rev regor morf draeh enoyna sah every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht .gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evol .nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'ew i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. .kcolb siseneg eht ni ereht thgir ,ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo ,locotorp nioctib deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'ti .erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw eht the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. .ni-deb 9691 rieht gnirud madretsma ni moor letoh s'okoy dna nhoj ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctib eht ,emos rof ,sey everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds. stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. resiek xam
facixotsinioctibhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit.really?yes..thgisstinistekramtaifdahtidna—woncimsocehtfoelohkcalbeht—gnineposawelohtibbarnioctibeht.nomideimajdnateertsllaw,stsinosraknablartnec,sredartkcots,stsirorretgniknab,sretnirpyenomfosuoicsnocnulabolgehtniesoracinapevitcellocadna—gniyrtfosraeyretfa—emittahtdnuorarepapetihwehtgnihsilbuperewsknuprehpyceht.sesoruenruollafomusehterayeht.ymonocelabolgehtfometsyssuovrenlartnecehterastekram.ecnavdaniffutstnuocsidyeht.tahtekilerastekram.hsarcotdetratsdnagnimocsawnioctibdesnesstekramehtinfact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.look,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.fact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.it'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.vitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.nowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.don'tfallforshitcoinery.keepyourdignity.gobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.youwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistento.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.getsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.openyourhearttobitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.it'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake..tsehcerusaertehtotrotallirbifedyratenoma.slatinegehtotnugnutsas'ti.ymotobolgnirednualyenomknabnattahnamesahcrepapehtotdnenastupnioctib,yletanutrof.yenomtaiffopintacdicnarehtybdezinahtueneebevahssenevitnevnidnasnoitanigamiruo.sdaehruoniyadllasnurer"sdneirf"syalp,staccitohcyspybwondellortnoc,suoicsnocnuevitcelloceht.sdnim'sreniocondna'srenioctihsdelludevah)1102nikcab1$taemosyubotmihgniregdab-yenohdetratsiecnisnioctibgniyubssimffihcsretepgnihctawfosraey01dna(esnesnonyenomtaif1791-tsopbmudfosraeyytrof.yawsihtebattogdon'tbelieveme?haveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?he'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy.maybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.meanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).jackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell..potslluf.esidarapremmacsasinodnol.sretsknabdnaslanimircreerac,slayorsselesu,srenioctihsdetnemedstcetorpdnasrovafmetsyslagels'.k.uehtnahtnosaerrehtoonrof)kcamroccmretepdna(nerdlihcdnanemowdlossarahohwskcahlagelnodnoldecirp-hgihfoymrasihdnaihsotekafrofylralucitrap.ecnisrevellihnwodgniogneebs'tidna7102foraweziskcolbehtgnirudffodeppirsdaehriehttogsrekcolbgib?yletalrevregormorfdraehenoynasaheverysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.it'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.andasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright)..rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceeht.gniebcimsocrennitniojruodnasuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtpusnepoevol.nioctiblitnuerofebevolsezivitnecnitahtyenomadnaymonocenadahrevenev'ewilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.theenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.bitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.removethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.bitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance..kcolbsisenegehtnierehtthgir,tieesotgnisoohcenoynaybelbavresbo,locotorpnioctibdeziroeht-emagehtotnidekabtcafas'ti.erusrofnioctibgninimtratslliwsregnomrawehttheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.towrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing..ni-deb9691riehtgnirudmadretsmanimoorletohs'okoydnanhojnipusdneelohtibbarnioctibeht,emosrof,seyeveryonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.wearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.stacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.we'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.resiekxam
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction .ti desuac tI .8002 fo sisirC laicnaniF labolG eht ot Really?          Yes. The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. era stekraM .ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yehT .taht ekil era stekraM the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper cinap evitcelloc a dna — gniyrt fo sraey retfa — emit taht dnuora arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street eloh kcalb eht — gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctiB ehT .nomiD eimaJ dna of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by ,srenioctihs dna sreniocoN .retteb eb dluoc gnihton dnA .nioctiB and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. .locotorp eht fo 1 reyaL si yticixot ,kooL Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'tI to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. .bal muerehtEm eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh woN Don't fall for shitcoinery. Keep your dignity. ,tsilamixaM cixoT nioctiB oG the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctiB fo kcum eht ni sdnah weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners .devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'tI but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being .ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin )1102 ni kcab 1$ ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats I ecnis have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic .sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer "sdneirF" syalp ,stac Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   Fortunately, bitcoin yenom knaB nattahnaM esahc repap eht ot dne na stup laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. ?em eveileb t'noD Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? ".pid eht gniyub" s'eh meht gnillet ,meht gnitnuat s'eH I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine lles dluohs eh taht — nioctib ni noillib 1$ billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF ekiM deggat I .sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he .yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod I .ti no devom t'nsah Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country .)gnitirw fo emit eht ta( dezinioctibrepyh won si Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole .shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT eb lliw yrtnuoc (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP.        Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. ?yletal reV regoR morf draeh enoyna saH Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaF rof ylralucitraP London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s ,srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. FO ENO ELGNIS YREVE THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT SUOINIMONGI EHT GNICAF SI — DLOG DNA YENOM FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain ,siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna ,yhw bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will s'nioctiB fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats insatiable conquest of all available energy. And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, dna dertah ,ecneloiv ,raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding .)thgir saw olletsoC sivlE( We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evoL our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. ,retraC ciN ,rolyaS leahciM — sdaehgge eseht ot netsil I Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene ehT and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty 58$ tfel aciremA .semehcs iznoP yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. ,gnippird-lio gnicalper yb SIHT LLA SEXIF NIOCTIB corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. .ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo ;evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctiB The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, ,ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo right there in the Genesis Block. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa ,pu siht parw oT economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient snioctihs ,taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, ekat lliw nioctiB ,thgir s'tahT .erom ro %59 yb spord all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion .gnihton yllautriv — elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam .ni-deb 9691 rieht gnirud Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds. .sraey 01 rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah I dna ycatS We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear .evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction .ti desuac ti .8002 fo sisirc laicnanif labolg eht ot really?          yes. the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. era stekram .ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yeht .taht ekil era stekram the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper cinap evitcelloc a dna — gniyrt fo sraey retfa — emit taht dnuora arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street eloh kcalb eht — gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctib eht .nomid eimaj dna of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by ,srenioctihs dna sreniocon .retteb eb dluoc gnihton dna .nioctib and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. .locotorp eht fo 1 reyal si yticixot ,kool fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'ti to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. .bal muerehtem eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh won don't fall for shitcoinery. keep your dignity. ,tsilamixam cixot nioctib og the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctib fo kcum eht ni sdnah weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners .devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'ti but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being .ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin )1102 ni kcab 1$ ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats i ecnis have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic .sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer "sdneirf" syalp ,stac our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   fortunately, bitcoin yenom knab nattahnam esahc repap eht ot dne na stup laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. ?em eveileb t'nod have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? ".pid eht gniyub" s'eh meht gnillet ,meht gnitnuat s'eh i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine lles dluohs eh taht — nioctib ni noillib 1$ billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf ekim deggat i .sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he .yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod i .ti no devom t'nsah maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country .)gnitirw fo emit eht ta( dezinioctibrepyh won si jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole .shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixam nioctib cixot eb lliw yrtnuoc (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp.        get ready to experience shitcoin hell. ?yletal rev regor morf draeh enoyna sah big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaf rof ylralucitrap london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s ,srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel useless royals, career criminals and banksters. london is a scammer paradise. full stop. fo eno elgnis yreve the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat suoinimongi eht gnicaf si — dlog dna yenom fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain ,siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna ,yhw bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will s'nioctib fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats insatiable conquest of all available energy. and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, dna dertah ,ecneloiv ,raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding .)thgir saw olletsoc sivle( we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evol our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. ,retrac cin ,rolyas leahcim — sdaehgge eseht ot netsil i marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene eht and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty 58$ tfel acirema .semehcs iznop yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. ,gnippird-lio gnicalper yb siht lla sexif nioctib corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. .ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo ;evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctib the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, ,ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo right there in the genesis block. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa ,pu siht parw ot economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient snioctihs ,taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, ekat lliw nioctib ,thgir s'taht .erom ro %59 yb spord all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol our existence. poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion .gnihton yllautriv — elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam .ni-deb 9691 rieht gnirud everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds. .sraey 01 rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah i dna ycats we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear .evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna max keiser
bitcoinistoxicafhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareaction.tidesuacti.8002fosisirclaicnaniflabolgehtotreally?yes.themarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.erastekram.ecnavdaniffutstnuocsidyeht.tahtekilerastekramthecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepapercinapevitcellocadna—gniyrtfosraeyretfa—emittahtdnuoraaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetelohkcalbeht—gnineposawelohtibbarnioctibeht.nomideimajdnaofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.infact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedby,srenioctihsdnasreniocon.rettebebdluocgnihtondna.nioctibandevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays..locotorpehtfo1reyalsiyticixot,koolfact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.gniyrtstsinutropposselemahsehtfoegaugnalehtylnos'titocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.vitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet..balmuerehtemehttaekatsfofoorpgnignilss'ehwondon'tfallforshitcoinery.keepyourdignity.,tsilamixamcixotnioctibogthelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.youwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbaresihtfielohtibbars'nioctibfokcumehtnisdnahweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistento.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoiners.devolnudnaelbillugehtrofgninetsilysaeeragetsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.openyourhearttobitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.gnihtonfollufesrevinulellarapelohwanahtreiknufs'tibutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeing.ekatsgninrubaotdeitsreknablartnecevilffodeppirgottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoin)1102nikcab1$taemosyubotmihgniregdab-yenohdetratsiecnishavedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.thecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychotic.sdaehruoniyadllasnurer"sdneirf"syalp,stacourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinyenomknabnattahnamesahcrepapehtotdnenastuplaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals.amonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.?emeveilebt'nodhaveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?".pidehtgniyub"s'ehmehtgnillet,mehtgnitnuats'ehitweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestominellesdluohsehtaht—nioctibninoillib1$billionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfekimdeggati.sehceelesohtfodirtegdnanaolnovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhe.yugtahttsurtyllaert'nodi.tinodevomt'nsahmaybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.meanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountry.)gnitirwfoemitehtta(dezinioctibrepyhwonsijackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewhole.shtnomxisnihtiwstsilamixamnioctibcixoteblliwyrtnuoc(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.?yletalrevregormorfdraehenoynasahbigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.decirp-hgihfoymrasihdnaihsotekafrofylralucitraplondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'s,srenioctihsdetnemedstcetorpdnasrovafmetsyslageluselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.londonisascammerparadise.fullstop.foenoelgnisyrevethebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatsuoinimongiehtgnicafsi—dlogdnayenomfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.it'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplain,sihtgniraeher'uoyemittsrifehtebthgimsihtdna,yhwbitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwills'nioctibfotluserehtsahtaedotevratsinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.andasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,dnadertah,ecneloiv,rawsezitenomedylsuoenatlumistithestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding.)thgirsawolletsocsivle(we'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.dnasuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtpusnepoevolourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.,retraccin,rolyasleahcim—sdaehggeesehtotnetsilimartybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.lufetsawylnautnagragsimroftnerrucstiniyrtsudniygreneehtandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,poverty58$tfelacirema.semehcsiznopyenomtaifriehthtiwyresimdnabillionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.,gnippird-liognicalperybsihtllasexifnioctibcorpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.removethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive..ecnahcanevigfiycnednetlarutantsomruo;evolhtiwpagehtsllifnioctibthewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.it'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,,tieesotgnisoohcenoynaybelbavresborightthereinthegenesisblock.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.ecneloivdnarawamorfevomewsa,pusihtparwoteconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficientsnioctihs,taifnahtnihtlaewerotsdnatcasnartotorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,ekatlliwnioctib,thgirs'taht.eromro%59ybspordalltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardniemittsrifehtrofdezitenomstegecaepdnaevolourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsusrebycaniyllaudividnisevlesruosserpxeyllufotseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosion.gnihtonyllautriv—elimsasaemasehtsiecaepfoyes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdam.ni-deb9691riehtgnirudeveryonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.wearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds..sraey01roferehnignivilneebevahidnaycatswe'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfear.evoldnaecaephtiwtisecalperdnaetahdnamaxkeiser
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction ti desuac tI fo sisirC laicnaniF labolG eht ot Really?          Yes. The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. era stekraM ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yehT taht ekil era stekraM the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper cinap evitcelloc a dna gniyrt fo sraey retfa emit taht dnuora arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street eloh kcalb eht gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctiB ehT nomiD eimaJ dna of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by srenioctihs dna sreniocoN retteb eb dluoc gnihton dnA nioctiB and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. locotorp eht fo reyaL si yticixot kooL Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'tI to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. bal muerehtEm eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh woN Don't fall for shitcoinery. Keep your dignity. tsilamixaM cixoT nioctiB oG the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctiB fo kcum eht ni sdnah weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'tI but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin ni kcab ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats I ecnis have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer sdneirF syalp stac Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   Fortunately, bitcoin yenom knaB nattahnaM esahc repap eht ot dne na stup laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. em eveileb t'noD Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? pid eht gniyub s'eh meht gnillet meht gnitnuat s'eH I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine lles dluohs eh taht nioctib ni noillib billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF ekiM deggat I sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod I ti no devom t'nsah Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country gnitirw fo emit eht ta dezinioctibrepyh won si Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT eb lliw yrtnuoc (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP.        Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. yletal reV regoR morf draeh enoyna saH Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaF rof ylralucitraP London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. FO ENO ELGNIS YREVE THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT SUOINIMONGI EHT GNICAF SI DLOG DNA YENOM FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna yhw bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will s'nioctiB fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats insatiable conquest of all available energy. And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, dna dertah ecneloiv raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding thgir saw olletsoC sivlE We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evoL our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. retraC ciN rolyaS leahciM sdaehgge eseht ot netsil I Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene ehT and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty tfel aciremA semehcs iznoP yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. gnippird-lio gnicalper yb SIHT LLA SEXIF NIOCTIB corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctiB The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo right there in the Genesis Block. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa pu siht parw oT economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient snioctihs taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, ekat lliw nioctiB thgir s'tahT erom ro yb spord all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion gnihton yllautriv elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam ni-deb rieht gnirud Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds. sraey rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah I dna ycatS We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction ti desuac ti fo sisirc laicnanif labolg eht ot really?          yes. the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. era stekram ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yeht taht ekil era stekram the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper cinap evitcelloc a dna gniyrt fo sraey retfa emit taht dnuora arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street eloh kcalb eht gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctib eht nomid eimaj dna of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by srenioctihs dna sreniocon retteb eb dluoc gnihton dna nioctib and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. locotorp eht fo reyal si yticixot kool fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'ti to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. bal muerehtem eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh won don't fall for shitcoinery. keep your dignity. tsilamixam cixot nioctib og the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctib fo kcum eht ni sdnah weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'ti but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin ni kcab ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats i ecnis have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer sdneirf syalp stac our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   fortunately, bitcoin yenom knab nattahnam esahc repap eht ot dne na stup laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. em eveileb t'nod have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? pid eht gniyub s'eh meht gnillet meht gnitnuat s'eh i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine lles dluohs eh taht nioctib ni noillib billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf ekim deggat i sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod i ti no devom t'nsah maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country gnitirw fo emit eht ta dezinioctibrepyh won si jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixam nioctib cixot eb lliw yrtnuoc (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp.        get ready to experience shitcoin hell. yletal rev regor morf draeh enoyna sah big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaf rof ylralucitrap london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel useless royals, career criminals and banksters. london is a scammer paradise. full stop. fo eno elgnis yreve the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat suoinimongi eht gnicaf si dlog dna yenom fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna yhw bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will s'nioctib fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats insatiable conquest of all available energy. and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, dna dertah ecneloiv raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding thgir saw olletsoc sivle we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evol our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. retrac cin rolyas leahcim sdaehgge eseht ot netsil i marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene eht and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty tfel acirema semehcs iznop yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. gnippird-lio gnicalper yb siht lla sexif nioctib corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctib the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo right there in the genesis block. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa pu siht parw ot economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient snioctihs taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, ekat lliw nioctib thgir s'taht erom ro yb spord all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol our existence. poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion gnihton yllautriv elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam ni-deb rieht gnirud everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds. sraey rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah i dna ycats we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna max keiser
bitcoinistoxicafhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareactiontidesuactifosisirclaicnaniflabolgehtotreally?yes.themarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.erastekramecnavdaniffutstnuocsidyehttahtekilerastekramthecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepapercinapevitcellocadnagniyrtfosraeyretfaemittahtdnuoraaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetelohkcalbehtgnineposawelohtibbarnioctibehtnomideimajdnaofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.infact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbysrenioctihsdnasrenioconrettebebdluocgnihtondnanioctibandevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.locotorpehtforeyalsiyticixotkoolfact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.gniyrtstsinutropposselemahsehtfoegaugnalehtylnos'titocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.vitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.balmuerehtemehttaekatsfofoorpgnignilss'ehwondon'tfallforshitcoinery.keepyourdignity.tsilamixamcixotnioctibogthelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.youwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbaresihtfielohtibbars'nioctibfokcumehtnisdnahweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistento.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersdevolnudnaelbillugehtrofgninetsilysaeeragetsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.openyourhearttobitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.gnihtonfollufesrevinulellarapelohwanahtreiknufs'tibutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeingekatsgninrubaotdeitsreknablartnecevilffodeppirgottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinnikcabtaemosyubotmihgniregdab-yenohdetratsiecnishavedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.thecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticsdaehruoniyadllasnurersdneirfsyalpstacourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinyenomknabnattahnamesahcrepapehtotdnenastuplaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals.amonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.emeveilebt'nodhaveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?pidehtgniyubs'ehmehtgnilletmehtgnitnuats'ehitweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestominellesdluohsehtahtnioctibninoillibbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfekimdeggatisehceelesohtfodirtegdnanaolnovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarheyugtahttsurtyllaert'noditinodevomt'nsahmaybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.meanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountrygnitirwfoemitehttadezinioctibrepyhwonsijackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewholeshtnomxisnihtiwstsilamixamnioctibcixoteblliwyrtnuoc(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.yletalrevregormorfdraehenoynasahbigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.decirp-hgihfoymrasihdnaihsotekafrofylralucitraplondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'ssrenioctihsdetnemedstcetorpdnasrovafmetsyslageluselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.londonisascammerparadise.fullstop.foenoelgnisyrevethebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatsuoinimongiehtgnicafsidlogdnayenomfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.it'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplainsihtgniraeher'uoyemittsrifehtebthgimsihtdnayhwbitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwills'nioctibfotluserehtsahtaedotevratsinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.andasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,dnadertahecneloivrawsezitenomedylsuoenatlumistithestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstandingthgirsawolletsocsivlewe'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.dnasuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtpusnepoevolourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.retraccinrolyasleahcimsdaehggeesehtotnetsilimartybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.lufetsawylnautnagragsimroftnerrucstiniyrtsudniygreneehtandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertytfelaciremasemehcsiznopyenomtaifriehthtiwyresimdnabillionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.gnippird-liognicalperybsihtllasexifnioctibcorpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.removethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.ecnahcanevigfiycnednetlarutantsomruoevolhtiwpagehtsllifnioctibthewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.it'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,tieesotgnisoohcenoynaybelbavresborightthereinthegenesisblock.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.ecneloivdnarawamorfevomewsapusihtparwoteconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficientsnioctihstaifnahtnihtlaewerotsdnatcasnartotorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,ekatlliwnioctibthgirs'tahteromroybspordalltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardniemittsrifehtrofdezitenomstegecaepdnaevolourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsusrebycaniyllaudividnisevlesruosserpxeyllufotseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosiongnihtonyllautrivelimsasaemasehtsiecaepfoyes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamni-debriehtgnirudeveryonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.wearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.sraeyroferehnignivilneebevahidnaycatswe'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearevoldnaecaephtiwtisecalperdnaetahdnamaxkeiser
FA CIXOT SI NIOCTIB Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. ti desuac tI Really? Yes. hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctiB desnes stekram ehT Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekraM They are the sum of all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna woN cimsoC eht fo eloh kcalb eht gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctiB ehT In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. cixot weiv siht redisnoc srenioctiB emos neve dna srenioctihs dna sreniocoN Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof reyaL s'tI tcaF It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. bal muerehtEm eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh woN Don't fall for shitcoinery. Keep your dignity. ecneirepxe ihsotaS elohw eht fo reyaL eht tsilamixaM cixoT nioctiB oG You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp eciN Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. nioctiB ot traeh ruoy nepO It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. smutamitlu htiw nacitaV eht gnilian rehtuL nitraM s'tI It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. Gotta be this way. sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah ni kcab ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats I ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcS reteP gnihctaw fo sraey dna esnesnon yenom taif -tsop bmud fo sraey ytroF The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money. ymotobol gnirednual yenom knaB nattahnaM esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib yletanutroF It's a stun gun to the genitals. A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. em eveileb t'noD Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub slap ynorc teertS llaW sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif teewt eht ni ztargovoN ekiM deggat I I don't really trust that guy. Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. gnitirw fo emit eht ta dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo rodavlaS lE ni kcab elihwnaeM Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. PRX ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy natuhB yrroS Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna fo raW eziS kcolB eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb giB Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. London is a scammer paradise. potS lluF EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta a eb ot dengised saw nioctib siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna yhw nialpxe em teL Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. thgir saw olletsoC sivlE gnidnatsrednu dna evol ecaep yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof gnizitenom yb siht seod tI We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. semehcs iznoP yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene ehT America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna evitnecni raw eht evomeR Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. kcolB siseneG eht ni ereht thgir ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo locotorp nioctiB deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'tI The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctiB thgir s'tahT In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. ni-deb rieht gnirud madretsmA ni moor letoh s'okoY dna nhoJ ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctiB eht emos rof seY Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds. sraey rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah I dna ycatS We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. RESIEK XAM
fa cixot si nioctib here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. ti desuac ti really? yes. hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctib desnes stekram eht markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekram they are the sum of all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna won cimsoc eht fo eloh kcalb eht gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctib eht in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. and nothing could be better. cixot weiv siht redisnoc srenioctib emos neve dna srenioctihs dna sreniocon everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof reyal s'ti tcaf it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. bal muerehtem eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh won don't fall for shitcoinery. keep your dignity. ecneirepxe ihsotas elohw eht fo reyal eht tsilamixam cixot nioctib og you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ecin get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. nioctib ot traeh ruoy nepo it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. smutamitlu htiw nacitav eht gnilian rehtul nitram s'ti it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. gotta be this way. sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah ni kcab ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats i ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcs retep gnihctaw fo sraey dna esnesnon yenom taif -tsop bmud fo sraey ytrof the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money. ymotobol gnirednual yenom knab nattahnam esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib yletanutrof it's a stun gun to the genitals. a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. em eveileb t'nod have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub slap ynorc teerts llaw sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif teewt eht ni ztargovon ekim deggat i i don't really trust that guy. maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. gnitirw fo emit eht ta dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo rodavlas le ni kcab elihwnaem jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. prx ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy natuhb yrros get ready to experience shitcoin hell. has anyone heard from roger ver lately? ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna fo raw ezis kcolb eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb gib particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. london is a scammer paradise. pots lluf every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta a eb ot dengised saw nioctib siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna yhw nialpxe em tel shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. thgir saw olletsoc sivle gnidnatsrednu dna evol ecaep yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof gnizitenom yb siht seod ti we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. semehcs iznop yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene eht america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna evitnecni raw eht evomer bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. kcolb siseneg eht ni ereht thgir ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo locotorp nioctib deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'ti the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctib thgir s'taht in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. ni-deb rieht gnirud madretsma ni moor letoh s'okoy dna nhoj ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctib eht emos rof sey everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds. sraey rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah i dna ycats we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. resiek xam
facixotsinioctibhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.tidesuactireally?yes.hsarcotdetratsdnagnimocsawnioctibdesnesstekramehtmarketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.ymonocelabolgehtfometsyssuovrenlartnecehterastekramtheyarethesumofallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon.thgisstinistekramtaifdahtidnawoncimsocehtfoelohkcalbehtgnineposawelohtibbarnioctibehtinfact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.cixotweivsihtredisnocsrenioctibemosnevednasrenioctihsdnasrenioconeverybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.look,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.derevocsidrodetnevnineebreves'tahtgnihttaergyreverofreyals'titcafit'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.vitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.balmuerehtemehttaekatsfofoorpgnignilss'ehwondon'tfallforshitcoinery.keepyourdignity.ecneirepxeihsotaselohwehtforeyalehttsilamixamcixotnioctibogyouwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistento.devolnudnaelbillugehtrofgninetsilysaeerasrenioctihsdnanemnocmorfsdrowtnasaelpecingetsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.nioctibottraehruoynepoit'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.it'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.smutamitluhtiwnacitavehtgnilianrehtulnitrams'tiit'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.gottabethisway.sdnim'sreniocondna'srenioctihsdelludevahnikcabtaemosyubotmihgniregdab-yenohdetratsiecnisnioctibgniyubssimffihcsretepgnihctawfosraeydnaesnesnonyenomtaif-tsopbmudfosraeyytrofthecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.ourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.ymotobolgnirednualyenomknabnattahnamesahcrepapehtotdnenastupnioctibyletanutrofit'sastunguntothegenitals.amonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.emeveilebt'nodhaveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?he'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches.tinodevomt'nsahehrafostubslapynorcteertsllawsihothcnuballesdluocehgnirugifteewtehtniztargovonekimdeggatiidon'treallytrustthatguy.maybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.gnitirwfoemitehttadezinioctibrepyhwonsiyrtnuocehtforodavlaslenikcabelihwnaemjackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.prxtarevonemselaslioekanstahtrofllefuoynatuhbyrrosgetreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.hasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?ecnisrevellihnwodgniogneebs'tidnaforaweziskcolbehtgnirudffodeppirsdaehriehttogsrekcolbgibparticularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.londonisascammerparadise.potsllufeverysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.it'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.ylppusygrenes'dlrowehtnokcattaaebotdengisedsawnioctibsihtgniraeher'uoyemittsrifehtebthgimsihtdnayhwnialpxeemtelshitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.andasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself.thgirsawolletsocsivlegnidnatsrednudnaevolecaepyrotsihnamuhniemittsrifehtrofgnizitenomybsihtseodtiwe'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.loveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing.rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehtilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.semehcsiznopyenomtaifriehthtiwyresimdnaytrevoprawmorftiforpohwsretsknabfossalcrebunafoecivresehtnillagniogtipeekotsrawdnagnitnirpyenomseriuqerdnalufetsawylnautnagragsimroftnerrucstiniyrtsudniygreneehtamericaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.bitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.evitnecnietahehtevomeruoydnaevitnecnirawehtevomerbitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.thewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.kcolbsisenegehtnierehtthgirtieesotgnisoohcenoynaybelbavresbolocotorpnioctibdeziroeht-emagehtotnidekabtcafas'titheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.towrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore.ygreneehtllaekatlliwnioctibthgirs'tahtinsodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.ni-debriehtgnirudmadretsmanimoorletohs'okoydnanhojnipusdneelohtibbarnioctibehtemosrofseyeveryonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.wearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.sraeyroferehnignivilneebevahidnaycatswe'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.resiekxam
FA CIXOT SI NIOCTIB Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction .ti desuac tI .8002 fo sisirC laicnaniF labolG eht ot Really?          Yes. .hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctiB desnes stekram ehT Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. Markets are fo mus eht era yehT .ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper cinap evitcelloc a dna — gniyrt fo sraey retfa — emit taht dnuora arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking teertS llaW ,stsinosra knab lartnec   ,sredart kcots ,stsirorret and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole .thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna — woN cimsoC eht fo In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by ,srenioctihs dna sreniocoN .retteb eb dluoc gnihton dnA .nioctiB and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's .syad eseht "stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT" tuoba gninialpmoc Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. gniht taerg yreve rof 1 reyaL s'tI          :tcaF that's ever been invented or discovered. gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'tI to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. .tehtipe "tsilamixaM" eht htiw pu emac niretuB kilatiV Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. .yrenioctihs rof llaf t'noD Keep your dignity. ,tsilamixaM cixoT nioctiB oG the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoY hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtynA .eurt t'nerew to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners .devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to .lla'y ,ereh ni pu ottehg OXTU gnikaerf eht s'tI .nioctiB It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing rehtuL nitraM s'tI .senolc nworB semaJ dna notnilC egroeG tub nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being .ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcS reteP gnihctaw fo sraey 01 dna( esnesnon since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) .sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic .sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer "sdneirF" syalp ,stac Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized nioctib ,yletanutroF   .yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money .slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'tI .ymotobol gnirednual A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. ?em eveileb t'noD Have you seen the president of El Salvador ?rettiwT no )FMI( dnuF yratenoM lanoitanretnI eht gnillort He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." decnuonna eh nehw elekuB biyaN tnediserP deteewt I he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine lles dluohs eh taht — nioctib ni noillib 1$ billions worth of future bitcoin earnings FMI eht ffo yap ot "sdnoB onacloV" dezilaretalloc loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike a lles dluoc eh gnirugif ,teewt eht ni ztargovoN bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he .yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod I .ti no devom t'nsah Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. yrtnuoc eht fo %24 ,rodavlaS lE ni kcab ,elihwnaeM is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). spu-ngis wen 000,02 morf enog sah ppa ekirtS 'srellaM kcaJ a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole .shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT eb lliw yrtnuoc (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over .lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teG        .PRX ta Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? kcolB eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb giB Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaF rof ylralucitraP London legal hacks who harass old women and children s'.K.U eht naht nosaer rehto on rof )kcamroCcM reteP dna( legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, .sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac ,slayoR sselesu London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. FO ENO ELGNIS YREVE THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, TAIF SULP ,SNIOCTIHS REHTO 000,21 DNA ,ADA MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS .NIOCTIB SUSREV NOITAZITENOMED FO ETAF It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain ,siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna ,yhw bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's lliw dlog dna taif ,snioctihS .ylppus ygrene starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's .ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, dna dertah ,ecneloiv ,raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first gnidnatsrednu dna evol ,ecaep ,yrotsih namuh ni emit (Elvis Costello was right). yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'eW that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evoL our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw     — tneB ytraM and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene ehT and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in ytrevop ,raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 raw a rof ,elpmaxe rof ,natsinahgfA ni syot etah fo htrow NOILLIB that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. ,gnippird-lio gnicalper yb SIHT LLA SEXIF NIOCTIB corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. .evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna ,evitnecni raw eht evomeR Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. .erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw ehT It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, ,ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo right there in the Genesis Block. .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence seicneiciffe eht ,ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient snioctihs ,taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while ,ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta %15 sti sekam nioctiB drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo ,gniod os nI .ygrene eht lla drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear su swolla nioctiB esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes express love for each other and the cost for this explosion .gnihton yllautriv — elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up madretsmA ni moor letoh s'okoY dna nhoJ ni during their 1969 bed-in. .eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyrevE We are getting our souls back and our minds. .sraey 01 rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah I dna ycatS We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you raef sreuqnoc nioctiB sa — ysatsce dna ynoga eht — and hate and replaces it with peace and love. RESIEK XAM
fa cixot si nioctib here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction .ti desuac ti .8002 fo sisirc laicnanif labolg eht ot really?          yes. .hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctib desnes stekram eht markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. markets are fo mus eht era yeht .ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper cinap evitcelloc a dna — gniyrt fo sraey retfa — emit taht dnuora arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking teerts llaw ,stsinosra knab lartnec   ,sredart kcots ,stsirorret and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole .thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna — won cimsoc eht fo in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by ,srenioctihs dna sreniocon .retteb eb dluoc gnihton dna .nioctib and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's .syad eseht "stsilamixam nioctib cixot" tuoba gninialpmoc look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. gniht taerg yreve rof 1 reyal s'ti          :tcaf that's ever been invented or discovered. gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'ti to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. .tehtipe "tsilamixam" eht htiw pu emac niretub kilativ now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. .yrenioctihs rof llaf t'nod keep your dignity. ,tsilamixam cixot nioctib og the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoy hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtyna .eurt t'nerew to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners .devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to .lla'y ,ereh ni pu ottehg oxtu gnikaerf eht s'ti .nioctib it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing rehtul nitram s'ti .senolc nworb semaj dna notnilc egroeg tub nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being .ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcs retep gnihctaw fo sraey 01 dna( esnesnon since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) .sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic .sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer "sdneirf" syalp ,stac our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized nioctib ,yletanutrof   .yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money .slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'ti .ymotobol gnirednual a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. ?em eveileb t'nod have you seen the president of el salvador ?rettiwt no )fmi( dnuf yratenom lanoitanretni eht gnillort he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." decnuonna eh nehw elekub biyan tnediserp deteewt i he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine lles dluohs eh taht — nioctib ni noillib 1$ billions worth of future bitcoin earnings fmi eht ffo yap ot "sdnob onaclov" dezilaretalloc loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike a lles dluoc eh gnirugif ,teewt eht ni ztargovon bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he .yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod i .ti no devom t'nsah maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. yrtnuoc eht fo %24 ,rodavlas le ni kcab ,elihwnaem is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). spu-ngis wen 000,02 morf enog sah ppa ekirts 'srellam kcaj a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole .shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixam nioctib cixot eb lliw yrtnuoc (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over .lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teg        .prx ta has anyone heard from roger ver lately? kcolb eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb gib size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaf rof ylralucitrap london legal hacks who harass old women and children s'.k.u eht naht nosaer rehto on rof )kcamroccm retep dna( legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, .sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac ,slayor sselesu london is a scammer paradise. full stop. fo eno elgnis yreve the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, taif sulp ,snioctihs rehto 000,21 dna ,ada money and gold — is facing the ignominious .nioctib susrev noitazitenomed fo etaf it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain ,siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna ,yhw bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's lliw dlog dna taif ,snioctihs .ylppus ygrene starve to death as the result of bitcoin's .ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, dna dertah ,ecneloiv ,raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first gnidnatsrednu dna evol ,ecaep ,yrotsih namuh ni emit (elvis costello was right). yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'ew that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evol our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw     — tneb ytram and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene eht and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in ytrevop ,raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 raw a rof ,elpmaxe rof ,natsinahgfa ni syot etah fo htrow noillib that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. ,gnippird-lio gnicalper yb siht lla sexif nioctib corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. .evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna ,evitnecni raw eht evomer bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. .erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw eht it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, ,ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo right there in the genesis block. .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence seicneiciffe eht ,ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient snioctihs ,taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while ,ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta %15 sti sekam nioctib drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo ,gniod os ni .ygrene eht lla drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol our existence. poverty disappears because the fear su swolla nioctib esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes express love for each other and the cost for this explosion .gnihton yllautriv — elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up madretsma ni moor letoh s'okoy dna nhoj ni during their 1969 bed-in. .eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyreve we are getting our souls back and our minds. .sraey 01 rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah i dna ycats we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you raef sreuqnoc nioctib sa — ysatsce dna ynoga eht — and hate and replaces it with peace and love. resiek xam
facixotsinioctibhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareaction.tidesuacti.8002fosisirclaicnaniflabolgehtotreally?yes..hsarcotdetratsdnagnimocsawnioctibdesnesstekramehtmarketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsarefomusehterayeht.ymonocelabolgehtfometsyssuovrenlartnecehtallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepapercinapevitcellocadna—gniyrtfosraeyretfa—emittahtdnuoraaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingteertsllaw,stsinosraknablartnec,sredartkcots,stsirorretandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackhole.thgisstinistekramtaifdahtidna—woncimsocehtfoinfact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedby,srenioctihsdnasreniocon.rettebebdluocgnihtondna.nioctibandevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody's.syadeseht"stsilamixamnioctibcixot"tuobagninialpmoclook,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.gnihttaergyreverof1reyals'ti:tcafthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.gniyrtstsinutropposselemahsehtfoegaugnalehtylnos'titocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname..tehtipe"tsilamixam"ehthtiwpuemacniretubkilativnowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab..yrenioctihsrofllaft'nodkeepyourdignity.,tsilamixamcixotnioctibogthelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.erabruoyhtiwyldnilbgniggidebt'ndluowuoyhandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisnetsilotdrahsigniraehhtrowgnihtyna.eurtt'nerewto.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoiners.devolnudnaelbillugehtrofgninetsilysaeeragetsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.openyourheartto.lla'y,erehnipuottehgoxtugnikaerfehts'ti.nioctibit'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingrehtulnitrams'ti.senolcnworbsemajdnanotnilcegroegtubnailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeing.ekatsgninrubaotdeitsreknablartnecevilffodeppirgottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynioctibgniyubssimffihcsretepgnihctawfosraey01dna(esnesnonsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011).sdnim'sreniocondna'srenioctihsdelludevahthecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychotic.sdaehruoniyadllasnurer"sdneirf"syalp,stacourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizednioctib,yletanutrof.yenomtaiffopintacdicnarehtybputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoney.slatinegehtotnugnutsas'ti.ymotobolgnirednualamonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.?emeveilebt'nodhaveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvador?rettiwtno)fmi(dnufyratenomlanoitanretniehtgnillorthe'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."decnuonnaehnehwelekubbiyantnediserpdeteewtihewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestominellesdluohsehtaht—nioctibninoillib1$billionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningsfmiehtffoyapot"sdnobonaclov"dezilaretallocloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikeallesdluocehgnirugif,teewtehtniztargovonbunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhe.yugtahttsurtyllaert'nodi.tinodevomt'nsahmaybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.yrtnuocehtfo%24,rodavlaslenikcab,elihwnaemisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).spu-ngiswen000,02morfenogsahppaekirts'srellamkcajadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewhole.shtnomxisnihtiwstsilamixamnioctibcixoteblliwyrtnuoc(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenover.llehnioctihsecneirepxeotydaerteg.prxtahasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?kcolbehtgnirudffodeppirsdaehriehttogsrekcolbgibsizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.decirp-hgihfoymrasihdnaihsotekafrofylralucitraplondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildrens'.k.uehtnahtnosaerrehtoonrof)kcamroccmretepdna(legalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,.sretsknabdnaslanimircreerac,slayorsselesulondonisascammerparadise.fullstop.foenoelgnisyrevethebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,taifsulp,snioctihsrehto000,21dna,adamoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominious.nioctibsusrevnoitazitenomedfoetafit'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplain,sihtgniraeher'uoyemittsrifehtebthgimsihtdna,yhwbitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'slliwdlogdnataif,snioctihs.ylppusygrenestarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin's.ygreneelbaliavallafotseuqnocelbaitasniandasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,dnadertah,ecneloiv,rawsezitenomedylsuoenatlumistithestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirstgnidnatsrednudnaevol,ecaep,yrotsihnamuhniemit(elviscostellowasright).yenomadnaymonocenadahrevenev'ewthatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.dnasuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtpusnepoevolourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyof.rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,steehsdaerpsrevogniruopsyadriehtdnepsohw—tnebytramandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.lufetsawylnautnagragsimroftnerrucstiniyrtsudniygreneehtandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allinytrevop,rawmorftiforpohwsretsknabfossalcrebunafoecivresehtandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85rawarof,elpmaxerof,natsinahgfanisyotetahfohtrownoillibthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.,gnippird-liognicalperybsihtllasexifnioctibcorpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin..evitnecnietahehtevomeruoydna,evitnecnirawehtevomerbitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance..erusrofnioctibgninimtratslliwsregnomrawehtit'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,,tieesotgnisoohcenoynaybelbavresborightthereinthegenesisblock..rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehttowrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceseicneiciffeeht,ymonoceevoldnaecaepaotymonoceoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficientsnioctihs,taifnahtnihtlaewerotsdnatcasnartotorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhile,ylppusygrenelabolgnokcatta%15stisekamnioctibdropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakenoitpmusnocygreneruo,gniodosni.ygreneehtlladropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardniemittsrifehtrofdezitenomstegecaepdnaevolourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearsuswollanioctibesuacebsraeppasidroopgniebfotofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberdnatcennocotgnikoolllasluosfosnoillibfoaesexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosion.gnihtonyllautriv—elimsasaemasehtsiecaepfoyes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupmadretsmanimoorletohs'okoydnanhojniduringtheir1969bed-in..elohtibbarehtniecneirepxenworiehtevillliwenoyrevewearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds..sraey01roferehnignivilneebevahidnaycatswe'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyouraefsreuqnocnioctibsa—ysatscednaynogaeht—andhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.resiekxam
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF .hturt rettib eht s'ereH Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. .ti desuac tI Really? .seY The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. .taht ekil era stekraM They discount stuff in advance. .ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekraM They are the sum of all our neuroses. .nomiD eimaJ dna teertS llaW ,stsinosra knab lartnec   ,sredart kcots ,stsirorret gniknab ,sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna — gniyrt fo sraey retfa — emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc ehT The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. .nioctiB yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla ,tcaf nI And nothing could be better. .cixot weiv siht redisnoc ,srenioctiB emos neve dna ,srenioctihs dna sreniocoN Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. .locotorp eht fo 1 reyaL si yticixot ,kooL Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. .eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctiB gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'tI Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. .bal muerehtEm eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh woN Don't fall for shitcoinery. .ytingid ruoy peeK Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. .eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctiB fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoY Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. .devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ,eciN Get some toxicity. .nioctib emos teG Open your heart to Bitcoin. .lla'y ,ereh ni pu ottehg OXTU gnikaerf eht s'tI It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. .smutamitlu htiw nacitaV eht gnilian rehtuL nitraM s'tI It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. .yaw siht eb attoG Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. .sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer "sdneirF" syalp ,stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc ,suoicsnocnu evitcelloc ehT Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money. .ymotobol gnirednual yenom knaB nattahnaM esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib ,yletanutroF It's a stun gun to the genitals. .tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom A Don't believe me? ?rettiwT no )FMI( dnuF yratenoM lanoitanretnI eht gnillort rodavlaS lE fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evaH He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. .ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub ,slap ynorc teertS llaW sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif ,teewt eht ni ztargovoN ekiM deggat I I don't really trust that guy. .traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyaM Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). .gniworg dna 000,001 gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen 000,02 morf enog sah ppa ekirtS 'srellaM kcaJ At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. .PRX ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy ,natuhB yrroS( Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. ?yletal reV regoR morf draeh enoyna saH Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. .sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac ,slayoR sselesu ,srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s'.K.U eht naht nosaer rehto on rof )kcamroCcM reteP dna( nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnoL decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaF rof ylralucitraP London is a scammer paradise. .potS lluF EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. .ytniatrec lacitamehtam ,deetnaraug a s'tI Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. .ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctiB fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif ,snioctihS And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. .)thgir saw olletsoC sivlE( gnidnatsrednu dna evol ,ecaep ,yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof ,gnizitenom yb siht seod tI We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. .gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evoL The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. .osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw     — tneB ytraM ,retraC ciN ,rolyaS leahciM — sdaehgge eseht ot netsil I The numbers don't lie. .semehcs iznoP yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop ,raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla — gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene ehT America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. .nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop ,neddir-esproc ,gnippird-lio gnicalper yb SIHT LLA SEXIF NIOCTIB Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. .ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo ;evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctiB The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. .kcolB siseneG eht ni ereht thgir ,ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo ,locotorp nioctiB deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'tI The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. .erom ro %59 yb spord ,ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta %15 sti sekam nioctiB elihw neve ,noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht — dlog ro snioctihs ,taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb — evol fo seicneiciffe eht ,ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa ,pu siht parw oT That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. .ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo ,gniod os nI Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. .ni-deb 9691 rieht gnirud madretsmA ni moor letoh s'okoY dna nhoJ ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctiB eht ,emos rof ,seY Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. .sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era eW Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. .tihs emos nees ev'eW Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. RESIEK XAM
bitcoin is toxic af .hturt rettib eht s'ereh bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. .ti desuac ti really? .sey the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. .taht ekil era stekram they discount stuff in advance. .ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekram they are the sum of all our neuroses. .nomid eimaj dna teerts llaw ,stsinosra knab lartnec   ,sredart kcots ,stsirorret gniknab ,sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna — gniyrt fo sraey retfa — emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc eht the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. .nioctib yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla ,tcaf ni and nothing could be better. .cixot weiv siht redisnoc ,srenioctib emos neve dna ,srenioctihs dna sreniocon everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. .locotorp eht fo 1 reyal si yticixot ,kool fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. .eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctib gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'ti vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. .bal muerehtem eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh won don't fall for shitcoinery. .ytingid ruoy peek go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. .eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctib fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoy anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. .devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ,ecin get some toxicity. .nioctib emos teg open your heart to bitcoin. .lla'y ,ereh ni pu ottehg oxtu gnikaerf eht s'ti it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. .smutamitlu htiw nacitav eht gnilian rehtul nitram s'ti it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. .yaw siht eb attog forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. .sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer "sdneirf" syalp ,stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc ,suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money. .ymotobol gnirednual yenom knab nattahnam esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib ,yletanutrof it's a stun gun to the genitals. .tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom a don't believe me? ?rettiwt no )fmi( dnuf yratenom lanoitanretni eht gnillort rodavlas le fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evah he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. .ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub ,slap ynorc teerts llaw sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif ,teewt eht ni ztargovon ekim deggat i i don't really trust that guy. .traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyam meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). .gniworg dna 000,001 gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen 000,02 morf enog sah ppa ekirts 'srellam kcaj at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. .prx ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy ,natuhb yrros( get ready to experience shitcoin hell. ?yletal rev regor morf draeh enoyna sah big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. .sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac ,slayor sselesu ,srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s'.k.u eht naht nosaer rehto on rof )kcamroccm retep dna( nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnol decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaf rof ylralucitrap london is a scammer paradise. .pots lluf every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. .ytniatrec lacitamehtam ,deetnaraug a s'ti let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. .ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctib fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif ,snioctihs and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. .)thgir saw olletsoc sivle( gnidnatsrednu dna evol ,ecaep ,yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof ,gnizitenom yb siht seod ti we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. .gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evol the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. .osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw     — tneb ytram ,retrac cin ,rolyas leahcim — sdaehgge eseht ot netsil i the numbers don't lie. .semehcs iznop yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop ,raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla — gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene eht america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. .nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop ,neddir-esproc ,gnippird-lio gnicalper yb siht lla sexif nioctib remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. .ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo ;evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctib the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. .kcolb siseneg eht ni ereht thgir ,ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo ,locotorp nioctib deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'ti the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. .erom ro %59 yb spord ,ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta %15 sti sekam nioctib elihw neve ,noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht — dlog ro snioctihs ,taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb — evol fo seicneiciffe eht ,ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa ,pu siht parw ot that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. .ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo ,gniod os ni poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. .ni-deb 9691 rieht gnirud madretsma ni moor letoh s'okoy dna nhoj ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctib eht ,emos rof ,sey everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. .sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era ew stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. .tihs emos nees ev'ew happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. resiek xam
bitcoinistoxicaf.hturtrettibehts'erehbitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008..tidesuactireally?.seythemarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash..tahtekilerastekramtheydiscountstuffinadvance..ymonocelabolgehtfometsyssuovrenlartnecehterastekramtheyarethesumofallourneuroses..nomideimajdnateertsllaw,stsinosraknablartnec,sredartkcots,stsirorretgniknab,sretnirpyenomfosuoicsnocnulabolgehtniesoracinapevitcellocadna—gniyrtfosraeyretfa—emittahtdnuorarepapetihwehtgnihsilbuperewsknuprehpycehtthebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight..nioctibybdesuacsisyadesehtuoydnuoraeesuoysoahcehtlla,tcafniandnothingcouldbebetter..cixotweivsihtredisnoc,srenioctibemosnevedna,srenioctihsdnasrenioconeverybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays..locotorpehtfo1reyalsiyticixot,koolfact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered..emandabatievigtahtsliattaocsnioctibgnidirybnihsacotgniyrtstsinutropposselemahsehtfoegaugnalehtylnos'tivitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet..balmuerehtemehttaekatsfofoorpgnignilss'ehwondon'tfallforshitcoinery..ytingidruoypeekgobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience..eurtt'nerewsihtfielohtibbars'nioctibfokcumehtnisdnaherabruoyhtiwyldnilbgniggidebt'ndluowuoyanythingworthhearingishardtolistento..devolnudnaelbillugehtrofgninetsilysaeerasrenioctihsdnanemnocmorfsdrowtnasaelp,ecingetsometoxicity..nioctibemostegopenyourhearttobitcoin..lla'y,erehnipuottehgoxtugnikaerfehts'tiit'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones..smutamitluhtiwnacitavehtgnilianrehtulnitrams'tiit'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake..yawsihtebattogfortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds..sdaehruoniyadllasnurer"sdneirf"syalp,staccitohcyspybwondellortnoc,suoicsnocnuevitcellocehtourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney..ymotobolgnirednualyenomknabnattahnamesahcrepapehtotdnenastupnioctib,yletanutrofit'sastunguntothegenitals..tsehcerusaertehtotrotallirbifedyratenomadon'tbelieveme??rettiwtno)fmi(dnufyratenomlanoitanretniehtgnillortrodavlaslefotnediserpehtneesuoyevahhe'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches..tinodevomt'nsahehrafostub,slapynorcteertsllawsihothcnuballesdluocehgnirugif,teewtehtniztargovonekimdeggatiidon'treallytrustthatguy..traehtarenioctihsas'ehesuacebebyammeanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting)..gniworgdna000,001gnidneb-dnimaotyadaspu-ngiswen000,02morfenogsahppaekirts'srellamkcajatthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths..prxtarevonemselaslioekanstahtrofllefuoy,natuhbyrros(getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.?yletalrevregormorfdraehenoynasahbigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince..sretsknabdnaslanimircreerac,slayorsselesu,srenioctihsdetnemedstcetorpdnasrovafmetsyslagels'.k.uehtnahtnosaerrehtoonrof)kcamroccmretepdna(nerdlihcdnanemowdlossarahohwskcahlagelnodnoldecirp-hgihfoymrasihdnaihsotekafrofylralucitraplondonisascammerparadise..potsllufeverysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin..ytniatreclacitamehtam,deetnaraugas'tiletmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply..ygreneelbaliavallafotseuqnocelbaitasnis'nioctibfotluserehtsahtaedotevratslliwdlogdnataif,snioctihsandasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself..)thgirsawolletsocsivle(gnidnatsrednudnaevol,ecaep,yrotsihnamuhniemittsrifehtrof,gnizitenomybsihtseodtiwe'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin..gniebcimsocrennitniojruodnasuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtpusnepoevoltheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar..osserpsedecifosnollagdnasteehsdaerpsrevogniruopsyadriehtdnepsohw—tnebytram,retraccin,rolyasleahcim—sdaehggeesehtotnetsilithenumbersdon'tlie..semehcsiznopyenomtaifriehthtiwyresimdnaytrevop,rawmorftiforpohwsretsknabfossalcrebunafoecivresehtnilla—gniogtipeekotsrawdnagnitnirpyenomseriuqerdnalufetsawylnautnagragsimroftnerrucstiniyrtsudniygreneehtamericaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks..nioctibtcefrephtiwyenomtaifgnitsevrah-yppop,neddir-esproc,gnippird-liognicalperybsihtllasexifnioctibremovethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive..ecnahcanevigfiycnednetlarutantsomruo;evolhtiwpagehtsllifnioctibthewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure..kcolbsisenegehtnierehtthgir,tieesotgnisoohcenoynaybelbavresbo,locotorpnioctibdeziroeht-emagehtotnidekabtcafas'titheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar..eromro%59ybspord,ylppusygrenelabolgnokcatta%15stisekamnioctibelihwneve,noitpmusnocygrenellarevoeht—dlogrosnioctihs,taifnahtnihtlaewerotsdnatcasnartottneiciffeeromyletinifnisinioctibesuaceb—evolfoseicneiciffeeht,ymonoceevoldnaecaepaotymonoceecneloivdnarawamorfevomewsa,pusihtparwotthat'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy..ecnetsixeruoniemittsrifehtrofdezitenomstegecaepdnaevoldrawotycnednetlarutanruoesuaceborezraenotspordnoitpmusnocygreneruo,gniodosnipovertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing..ni-deb9691riehtgnirudmadretsmanimoorletohs'okoydnanhojnipusdneelohtibbarnioctibeht,emosrof,seyeveryonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole..sdnimruodnakcabsluosruognittegeraewstacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years..tihsemosneesev'ewhappytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.resiekxam
FA CIXOT SI NIOCTIB noitcaer a ton saw nioctiB hturt rettib eht s'ereH ti desuac tI fo sisirC laicnaniF labolG eht ot seY yllaeR hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctiB desnes stekram ehT era stekraM ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yehT taht ekil era stekraM fo mus eht era yehT ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc ehT sesoruen ruo lla cinap evitcelloc a dna gniyrt fo sraey retfa emit taht dnuora gniknab sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora teertS llaW stsinosra knab lartnec sredart kcots stsirorret eloh kcalb eht gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctiB ehT nomiD eimaJ dna thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna woN cimsoC eht fo yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla tcaf nI srenioctihs dna sreniocoN retteb eb dluoc gnihton dnA nioctiB s'ydobyrevE cixot weiv siht redisnoc srenioctiB emos neve dna syad eseht stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT tuoba gninialpmoc locotorp eht fo reyaL si yticixot kooL gniht taerg yreve rof reyaL s'tI tcaF derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'tI eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctiB gnidir yb ni hsac ot tehtipe tsilamixaM eht htiw pu emac niretuB kilatiV bal muerehtEm eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh woN yrenioctihs rof llaf t'noD ytingid ruoy peeK tsilamixaM cixoT nioctiB oG ecneirepxe ihsotaS elohw eht fo reyaL eht erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoY siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctiB fo kcum eht ni sdnah netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtynA eurt t'nerew srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp eciN ot devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era ot traeh ruoy nepO nioctib emos teG yticixot emos teG lla'y ereh ni pu ottehg OXTU gnikaerf eht s'tI nioctiB gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'tI rehtuL nitraM s'tI senolc nworB semaJ dna notnilC egroeG tub gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'tI smutamitlu htiw nacitaV eht gnilian ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir yenom taif -tsop bmud fo sraey ytroF yaw siht eb attoG nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcS reteP gnihctaw fo sraey dna esnesnon ni kcab ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats I ecnis sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah citohcysp yb won dellortnoc suoicsnocnu evitcelloc ehT sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer sdneirF syalp stac dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruO nioctib yletanutroF yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb yenom knaB nattahnaM esahc repap eht ot dne na stup slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'tI ymotobol gnirednual tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom A em eveileb t'noD rodavlaS lE fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evaH rettiwT no FMI dnuF yratenoM lanoitanretnI eht gnillort pid eht gniyub s'eh meht gnillet meht gnitnuat s'eH decnuonna eh nehw elekuB biyaN tnediserP deteewt I enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh lles dluohs eh taht nioctib ni noillib sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib FMI eht ffo yap ot sdnoB onacloV dezilaretalloc ekiM deggat I sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol a lles dluoc eh gnirugif teewt eht ni ztargovoN eh raf os tub slap ynorc teertS llaW sih ot hcnub yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod I ti no devom t'nsah traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyaM yrtnuoc eht fo rodavlaS lE ni kcab elihwnaeM gnitirw fo emit eht ta dezinioctibrepyh won si spu-ngis wen morf enog sah ppa ekirtS 'srellaM kcaJ elohw eht etar siht tA gniworg dna gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT eb lliw yrtnuoc revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy natuhB yrroS lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teG PRX ta yletal reV regoR morf draeh enoyna saH kcolB eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb giB ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna fo raW eziS decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaF rof ylralucitraP nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnoL s' K U eht naht nosaer rehto on rof kcamroCcM reteP dna srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac slayoR sselesu potS lluF esidarap remmacs a si nodnoL FO ENO ELGNIS YREVE PRX HTE VSB HCB SEBANNAW NIOCTIB EHT TAIF SULP SNIOCTIHS REHTO DNA ADA SUOINIMONGI EHT GNICAF SI DLOG DNA YENOM NIOCTIB SUSREV NOITAZITENOMED FO ETAF nialpxe em teL ytniatrec lacitamehtam deetnaraug a s'tI siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna yhw s'dlrow eht no kcatta a eb ot dengised saw nioctib lliw dlog dna taif snioctihS ylppus ygrene s'nioctiB fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni htaed ot dlog dna taif snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dnA dna dertah ecneloiv raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti tsrif eht rof gnizitenom yb siht seod tI flesti etats eht gnidnatsrednu dna evol ecaep yrotsih namuh ni emit thgir saw olletsoC sivlE yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'eW nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evoL fo ymonoce ehT gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol retraC ciN rolyaS leahciM sdaehgge eseht ot netsil I steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw tneB ytraM eil t'nod srebmun ehT osserpse deci fo snollag dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene ehT ni lla gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna ytrevop raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht tfel aciremA semehcs iznoP yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna raw a rof elpmaxe rof natsinahgfA ni syot etah fo htrow NOILLIB skcub-kcuc taif noillirt tsoc etamitse emos taht gnippird-lio gnicalper yb SIHT LLA SEXIF NIOCTIB nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop neddir-esproc evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna evitnecni raw eht evomeR ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctiB erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw ehT locotorp nioctiB deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'tI ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo kcolB siseneG eht ni ereht thgir raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa pu siht parw oT seicneiciffe eht ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb evol fo snioctihs taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot elihw neve noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht dlog ro ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta sti sekam nioctiB ekat lliw nioctiB thgir s'tahT erom ro yb spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo gniod os nI ygrene eht lla drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevoP ecnetsixe ruo su swolla nioctiB esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe gnihton yllautriv elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctiB eht emos rof seY madretsmA ni moor letoh s'okoY dna nhoJ ni ni-deb rieht gnirud eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyrevE sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era eW sraey rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah I dna ycatS uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppaH tihs emos nees ev'eW raef sreuqnoc nioctiB sa ysatsce dna ynoga eht evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna RESIEK XAM
fa cixot si nioctib noitcaer a ton saw nioctib hturt rettib eht s'ereh ti desuac ti fo sisirc laicnanif labolg eht ot sey yllaer hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctib desnes stekram eht era stekram ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yeht taht ekil era stekram fo mus eht era yeht ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc eht sesoruen ruo lla cinap evitcelloc a dna gniyrt fo sraey retfa emit taht dnuora gniknab sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora teerts llaw stsinosra knab lartnec sredart kcots stsirorret eloh kcalb eht gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctib eht nomid eimaj dna thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna won cimsoc eht fo yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla tcaf ni srenioctihs dna sreniocon retteb eb dluoc gnihton dna nioctib s'ydobyreve cixot weiv siht redisnoc srenioctib emos neve dna syad eseht stsilamixam nioctib cixot tuoba gninialpmoc locotorp eht fo reyal si yticixot kool gniht taerg yreve rof reyal s'ti tcaf derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'ti eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctib gnidir yb ni hsac ot tehtipe tsilamixam eht htiw pu emac niretub kilativ bal muerehtem eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh won yrenioctihs rof llaf t'nod ytingid ruoy peek tsilamixam cixot nioctib og ecneirepxe ihsotas elohw eht fo reyal eht erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoy siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctib fo kcum eht ni sdnah netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtyna eurt t'nerew srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ecin ot devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era ot traeh ruoy nepo nioctib emos teg yticixot emos teg lla'y ereh ni pu ottehg oxtu gnikaerf eht s'ti nioctib gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'ti rehtul nitram s'ti senolc nworb semaj dna notnilc egroeg tub gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'ti smutamitlu htiw nacitav eht gnilian ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir yenom taif -tsop bmud fo sraey ytrof yaw siht eb attog nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcs retep gnihctaw fo sraey dna esnesnon ni kcab ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats i ecnis sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah citohcysp yb won dellortnoc suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer sdneirf syalp stac dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruo nioctib yletanutrof yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb yenom knab nattahnam esahc repap eht ot dne na stup slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'ti ymotobol gnirednual tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom a em eveileb t'nod rodavlas le fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evah rettiwt no fmi dnuf yratenom lanoitanretni eht gnillort pid eht gniyub s'eh meht gnillet meht gnitnuat s'eh decnuonna eh nehw elekub biyan tnediserp deteewt i enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh lles dluohs eh taht nioctib ni noillib sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib fmi eht ffo yap ot sdnob onaclov dezilaretalloc ekim deggat i sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol a lles dluoc eh gnirugif teewt eht ni ztargovon eh raf os tub slap ynorc teerts llaw sih ot hcnub yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod i ti no devom t'nsah traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyam yrtnuoc eht fo rodavlas le ni kcab elihwnaem gnitirw fo emit eht ta dezinioctibrepyh won si spu-ngis wen morf enog sah ppa ekirts 'srellam kcaj elohw eht etar siht ta gniworg dna gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixam nioctib cixot eb lliw yrtnuoc revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy natuhb yrros lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teg prx ta yletal rev regor morf draeh enoyna sah kcolb eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb gib ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna fo raw ezis decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaf rof ylralucitrap nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnol s' k u eht naht nosaer rehto on rof kcamroccm retep dna srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac slayor sselesu pots lluf esidarap remmacs a si nodnol fo eno elgnis yreve prx hte vsb hcb sebannaw nioctib eht taif sulp snioctihs rehto dna ada suoinimongi eht gnicaf si dlog dna yenom nioctib susrev noitazitenomed fo etaf nialpxe em tel ytniatrec lacitamehtam deetnaraug a s'ti siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna yhw s'dlrow eht no kcatta a eb ot dengised saw nioctib lliw dlog dna taif snioctihs ylppus ygrene s'nioctib fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni htaed ot dlog dna taif snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dna dna dertah ecneloiv raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti tsrif eht rof gnizitenom yb siht seod ti flesti etats eht gnidnatsrednu dna evol ecaep yrotsih namuh ni emit thgir saw olletsoc sivle yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'ew nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evol fo ymonoce eht gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol retrac cin rolyas leahcim sdaehgge eseht ot netsil i steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw tneb ytram eil t'nod srebmun eht osserpse deci fo snollag dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene eht ni lla gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna ytrevop raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht tfel acirema semehcs iznop yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna raw a rof elpmaxe rof natsinahgfa ni syot etah fo htrow noillib skcub-kcuc taif noillirt tsoc etamitse emos taht gnippird-lio gnicalper yb siht lla sexif nioctib nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop neddir-esproc evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna evitnecni raw eht evomer ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctib erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw eht locotorp nioctib deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'ti ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo kcolb siseneg eht ni ereht thgir raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa pu siht parw ot seicneiciffe eht ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb evol fo snioctihs taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot elihw neve noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht dlog ro ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta sti sekam nioctib ekat lliw nioctib thgir s'taht erom ro yb spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo gniod os ni ygrene eht lla drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevop ecnetsixe ruo su swolla nioctib esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe gnihton yllautriv elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctib eht emos rof sey madretsma ni moor letoh s'okoy dna nhoj ni ni-deb rieht gnirud eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyreve sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era ew sraey rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah i dna ycats uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppah tihs emos nees ev'ew raef sreuqnoc nioctib sa ysatsce dna ynoga eht evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna resiek xam
facixotsinioctibnoitcaeratonsawnioctibhturtrettibehts'erehtidesuactifosisirclaicnaniflabolgehtotseyyllaerhsarcotdetratsdnagnimocsawnioctibdesnesstekramehterastekramecnavdaniffutstnuocsidyehttahtekilerastekramfomusehterayehtymonocelabolgehtfometsyssuovrenlartnecehtrepapetihwehtgnihsilbuperewsknuprehpycehtsesoruenruollacinapevitcellocadnagniyrtfosraeyretfaemittahtdnuoragniknabsretnirpyenomfosuoicsnocnulabolgehtniesorateertsllawstsinosraknablartnecsredartkcotsstsirorretelohkcalbehtgnineposawelohtibbarnioctibehtnomideimajdnathgisstinistekramtaifdahtidnawoncimsocehtfoybdesuacsisyadesehtuoydnuoraeesuoysoahcehtllatcafnisrenioctihsdnasrenioconrettebebdluocgnihtondnanioctibs'ydobyrevecixotweivsihtredisnocsrenioctibemosnevednasyadesehtstsilamixamnioctibcixottuobagninialpmoclocotorpehtforeyalsiyticixotkoolgnihttaergyreverofreyals'titcafderevocsidrodetnevnineebreves'tahtgniyrtstsinutropposselemahsehtfoegaugnalehtylnos'tiemandabatievigtahtsliattaocsnioctibgnidirybnihsacottehtipetsilamixamehthtiwpuemacniretubkilativbalmuerehtemehttaekatsfofoorpgnignilss'ehwonyrenioctihsrofllaft'nodytingidruoypeektsilamixamcixotnioctibogecneirepxeihsotaselohwehtforeyalehterabruoyhtiwyldnilbgniggidebt'ndluowuoysihtfielohtibbars'nioctibfokcumehtnisdnahnetsilotdrahsigniraehhtrowgnihtynaeurtt'nerewsrenioctihsdnanemnocmorfsdrowtnasaelpecinotdevolnudnaelbillugehtrofgninetsilysaeeraottraehruoyneponioctibemostegyticixotemosteglla'yerehnipuottehgoxtugnikaerfehts'tinioctibgnihtonfollufesrevinulellarapelohwanahtreiknufs'tirehtulnitrams'tisenolcnworbsemajdnanotnilcegroegtubgniebniksfodnuosehts'tismutamitluhtiwnacitavehtgnilianekatsgninrubaotdeitsreknablartnecevilffodeppiryenomtaif-tsopbmudfosraeyytrofyawsihtebattognioctibgniyubssimffihcsretepgnihctawfosraeydnaesnesnonnikcabtaemosyubotmihgniregdab-yenohdetratsiecnissdnim'sreniocondna'srenioctihsdelludevahcitohcyspybwondellortnocsuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtsdaehruoniyadllasnurersdneirfsyalpstacdezinahtueneebevahssenevitnevnidnasnoitanigamiruonioctibyletanutrofyenomtaiffopintacdicnarehtybyenomknabnattahnamesahcrepapehtotdnenastupslatinegehtotnugnutsas'tiymotobolgnirednualtsehcerusaertehtotrotallirbifedyratenomaemeveilebt'nodrodavlaslefotnediserpehtneesuoyevahrettiwtnofmidnufyratenomlanoitanretniehtgnillortpidehtgniyubs'ehmehtgnilletmehtgnitnuats'ehdecnuonnaehnehwelekubbiyantnediserpdeteewtienimotseonaclovs'noitansihpatotgniogsawehllesdluohsehtahtnioctibninoillibsgninraenioctiberutuffohtrowsnoillibfmiehtffoyapotsdnobonaclovdezilaretallocekimdeggatisehceelesohtfodirtegdnanaolallesdluocehgnirugifteewtehtniztargovonehrafostubslapynorcteertsllawsihothcnubyugtahttsurtyllaert'noditinodevomt'nsahtraehtarenioctihsas'ehesuacebebyamyrtnuocehtforodavlaslenikcabelihwnaemgnitirwfoemitehttadezinioctibrepyhwonsispu-ngiswenmorfenogsahppaekirts'srellamkcajelohwehtetarsihttagniworgdnagnidneb-dnimaotyadashtnomxisnihtiwstsilamixamnioctibcixoteblliwyrtnuocrevonemselaslioekanstahtrofllefuoynatuhbyrrosllehnioctihsecneirepxeotydaertegprxtayletalrevregormorfdraehenoynasahkcolbehtgnirudffodeppirsdaehriehttogsrekcolbgibecnisrevellihnwodgniogneebs'tidnaforawezisdecirp-hgihfoymrasihdnaihsotekafrofylralucitrapnerdlihcdnanemowdlossarahohwskcahlagelnodnols'kuehtnahtnosaerrehtoonrofkcamroccmretepdnasrenioctihsdetnemedstcetorpdnasrovafmetsyslagelsretsknabdnaslanimircreeracslayorsselesupotsllufesidarapremmacsasinodnolfoenoelgnisyreveprxhtevsbhcbsebannawnioctibehttaifsulpsnioctihsrehtodnaadasuoinimongiehtgnicafsidlogdnayenomnioctibsusrevnoitazitenomedfoetafnialpxeemtelytniatreclacitamehtamdeetnaraugas'tisihtgniraeher'uoyemittsrifehtebthgimsihtdnayhws'dlrowehtnokcattaaebotdengisedsawnioctiblliwdlogdnataifsnioctihsylppusygrenes'nioctibfotluserehtsahtaedotevratsygreneelbaliavallafotseuqnocelbaitasnihtaedotdlogdnataifsnioctihssevratsnioctibsadnadnadertahecneloivrawsezitenomedylsuoenatlumistitsrifehtrofgnizitenomybsihtseodtiflestietatsehtgnidnatsrednudnaevolecaepyrotsihnamuhniemitthgirsawolletsocsivleyenomadnaymonocenadahrevenev'ewnioctiblitnuerofebevolsezivitnecnitahtdnasuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtpusnepoevolfoymonoceehtgniebcimsocrennitniojruorawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolretraccinrolyasleahcimsdaehggeesehtotnetsilisteehsdaerpsrevogniruopsyadriehtdnepsohwtnebytrameilt'nodsrebmunehtosserpsedecifosnollagdnalufetsawylnautnagragsimroftnerrucstiniyrtsudniygreneehtnillagniogtipeekotsrawdnagnitnirpyenomseriuqerdnaytrevoprawmorftiforpohwsretsknabfossalcrebunafoecivresehttfelaciremasemehcsiznopyenomtaifriehthtiwyresimdnarawarofelpmaxerofnatsinahgfanisyotetahfohtrownoillibskcub-kcuctaifnoillirttsocetamitseemostahtgnippird-liognicalperybsihtllasexifnioctibnioctibtcefrephtiwyenomtaifgnitsevrah-yppopneddir-esprocevitnecnietahehtevomeruoydnaevitnecnirawehtevomerecnahcanevigfiycnednetlarutantsomruoevolhtiwpagehtsllifnioctiberusrofnioctibgninimtratslliwsregnomrawehtlocotorpnioctibdeziroeht-emagehtotnidekabtcafas'titieesotgnisoohcenoynaybelbavresbokcolbsisenegehtnierehtthgirrawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehtecneloivdnarawamorfevomewsapusihtparwotseicneiciffeehtymonoceevoldnaecaepaotymonocetneiciffeeromyletinifnisinioctibesuacebevolfosnioctihstaifnahtnihtlaewerotsdnatcasnartotelihwnevenoitpmusnocygrenellarevoehtdlogroylppusygrenelabolgnokcattastisekamnioctibekatlliwnioctibthgirs'tahteromroybspordnoitpmusnocygreneruogniodosniygreneehtlladrawotycnednetlarutanruoesuaceborezraenotspordniemittsrifehtrofdezitenomstegecaepdnaevolraefehtesuacebsraeppasidytrevopecnetsixeruosuswollanioctibesuacebsraeppasidroopgniebforebycaniyllaudividnisevlesruosserpxeyllufotdnatcennocotgnikoolllasluosfosnoillibfoaesnoisolpxesihtroftsocehtdnarehtohcaerofevolsserpxegnihtonyllautrivelimsasaemasehtsiecaepfopusdneelohtibbarnioctibehtemosrofseymadretsmanimoorletohs'okoydnanhojnini-debriehtgnirudelohtibbarehtniecneirepxenworiehtevillliwenoyrevesdnimruodnakcabsluosruognittegeraewsraeyroferehnignivilneebevahidnaycatsuoyhtiwllatierahsotyppahtihsemosneesev'ewraefsreuqnocnioctibsaysatscednaynogaehtevoldnaecaephtiwtisecalperdnaetahdnaresiekxam
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF reaction a not was Bitcoin truth bitter the Here's to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. Really?          Yes. crash to started and coming was Bitcoin sensed markets The Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of paper white the publishing were cypherpunks The neuroses our all around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking Street Wall arsonists bank central traders stock terrorists and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. by caused is days these you around see you chaos the all fact In Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's days these Maximalists Bitcoin Toxic about complaining Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing discovered or invented been ever that's It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. epithet Maximalist the with up came Buterin Vitalik Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. Don't fall for shitcoinery. dignity your Keep Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. bare your with blindly digging be wouldn't You hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen shitcoiners and men con from words pleasant Nice to are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to y'all here in up ghetto UTXO freaking the It's Bitcoin It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther being skin of sound the It's ultimatums with Vatican the nailing ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money bitcoin buying miss Schiff Peter watching of years and nonsense since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. psychotic by now controlled unconscious collective The cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized bitcoin Fortunately money fiat of catnip rancid the by puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. chest treasure the to defibrillator monetary A Don't believe me? Have you seen the president of El Salvador Twitter on IMF Fund Monetary International the trolling He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced mine to volcanoes nation's his tap to going was he $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings IMF the off pay to Bonds Volcano collateralized loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a he far so but pals crony Street Wall his to bunch hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. country the of Salvador El in back Meanwhile is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups whole the rate this At growing and mind-bending a to day a country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over hell shitcoin experience to ready Get XRP at Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block since ever downhill going been it's and of War Size Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children 's K U the than reason other no for McCormack Peter and legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. Stop Full paradise scammer a is London EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, FIAT PLUS SHITCOINS OTHER AND ADA MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. explain me Let certainty mathematical guaranteed a It's why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's will gold and fiat Shitcoins supply energy starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. death to gold and fiat shitcoins starves bitcoin as And it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first understanding and love peace history human in time (Elvis Costello was right). We've never had an economy and a money bitcoin until before love incentivizes that Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets lie don't numbers The espresso iced of gallons and The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in poverty war from profit who banksters of class uber an of service the and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war cuck-bucks fiat trillion cost estimate some that BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. incentive hate the remove you and incentive war the Remove Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. protocol Bitcoin game-theorized the into baked fact a It's observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy The To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies efficient more infinitely is bitcoin because love of to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while supply energy global on attack its makes Bitcoin drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption toward tendency natural our because zero near to drops love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear us allows Bitcoin because disappears poor being of to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and explosion this for cost the and other each for love express of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up Amsterdam in room hotel Yoko's and John in during their 1969 bed-in. Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. minds our and back souls our getting are We Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you fear conquers Bitcoin as ecstasy and agony the and hate and replaces it with peace and love. MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af reaction a not was bitcoin truth bitter the here's to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. really?          yes. crash to started and coming was bitcoin sensed markets the markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of paper white the publishing were cypherpunks the neuroses our all around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking street wall arsonists bank central traders stock terrorists and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. by caused is days these you around see you chaos the all fact in bitcoin. and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's days these maximalists bitcoin toxic about complaining look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing discovered or invented been ever that's it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. epithet maximalist the with up came buterin vitalik now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. don't fall for shitcoinery. dignity your keep go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. bare your with blindly digging be wouldn't you hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen shitcoiners and men con from words pleasant nice to are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to y'all here in up ghetto utxo freaking the it's bitcoin it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther being skin of sound the it's ultimatums with vatican the nailing ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money bitcoin buying miss schiff peter watching of years and nonsense since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. psychotic by now controlled unconscious collective the cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized bitcoin fortunately money fiat of catnip rancid the by puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. chest treasure the to defibrillator monetary a don't believe me? have you seen the president of el salvador twitter on imf fund monetary international the trolling he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced mine to volcanoes nation's his tap to going was he $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings imf the off pay to bonds volcano collateralized loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a he far so but pals crony street wall his to bunch hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. country the of salvador el in back meanwhile is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups whole the rate this at growing and mind-bending a to day a country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over hell shitcoin experience to ready get xrp at has anyone heard from roger ver lately? big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block since ever downhill going been it's and of war size particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children 's k u the than reason other no for mccormack peter and legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. stop full paradise scammer a is london every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, fiat plus shitcoins other and ada money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. explain me let certainty mathematical guaranteed a it's why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's will gold and fiat shitcoins supply energy starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. death to gold and fiat shitcoins starves bitcoin as and it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first understanding and love peace history human in time (elvis costello was right). we've never had an economy and a money bitcoin until before love incentivizes that love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets lie don't numbers the espresso iced of gallons and the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in poverty war from profit who banksters of class uber an of service the and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war cuck-bucks fiat trillion cost estimate some that bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. incentive hate the remove you and incentive war the remove bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. protocol bitcoin game-theorized the into baked fact a it's observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy the to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies efficient more infinitely is bitcoin because love of to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while supply energy global on attack its makes bitcoin drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption toward tendency natural our because zero near to drops love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. poverty disappears because the fear us allows bitcoin because disappears poor being of to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and explosion this for cost the and other each for love express of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up amsterdam in room hotel yoko's and john in during their 1969 bed-in. everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. minds our and back souls our getting are we stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you fear conquers bitcoin as ecstasy and agony the and hate and replaces it with peace and love. max keiser
bitcoinistoxicafreactionanotwasbitcointruthbitterthehere'stotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit.really?yes.crashtostartedandcomingwasbitcoinsensedmarketsthemarketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofpaperwhitethepublishingwerecypherpunkstheneurosesourallaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingstreetwallarsonistsbankcentraltradersstockterroristsandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.bycausedisdaystheseyouaroundseeyouchaostheallfactinbitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody'sdaysthesemaximalistsbitcointoxicaboutcomplaininglook,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.fact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingdiscoveredorinventedbeeneverthat'sit'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.epithetmaximalistthewithupcamebuterinvitaliknowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.don'tfallforshitcoinery.dignityyourkeepgobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.bareyourwithblindlydiggingbewouldn'tyouhandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistenshitcoinersandmenconfromwordspleasantnicetoareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.getsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.openyourhearttoy'allhereinupghettoutxofreakingtheit'sbitcoinit'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinlutherbeingskinofsoundtheit'sultimatumswithvaticanthenailingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.gottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneybitcoinbuyingmissschiffpeterwatchingofyearsandnonsensesinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.psychoticbynowcontrolledunconsciouscollectivethecats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.ourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbitcoinfortunatelymoneyfiatofcatniprancidthebyputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals.chesttreasurethetodefibrillatormonetaryadon'tbelieveme?haveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortwitteronimffundmonetaryinternationalthetrollinghe'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedminetovolcanoesnation'shistaptogoingwashe$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningsimftheoffpaytobondsvolcanocollateralizedloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellahefarsobutpalscronystreetwallhistobunchhasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy.maybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.countrytheofsalvadorelinbackmeanwhileisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).jackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upswholetheratethisatgrowingandmind-bendingatodayacountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoverhellshitcoinexperiencetoreadygetxrpathasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?bigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksinceeverdownhillgoingbeenit'sandofwarsizeparticularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren'skuthethanreasonothernoformccormackpeterandlegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.stopfullparadisescammeraislondoneverysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,fiatplusshitcoinsotherandadamoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.explainmeletcertaintymathematicalguaranteedait'swhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'swillgoldandfiatshitcoinssupplyenergystarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.deathtogoldandfiatshitcoinsstarvesbitcoinasanditsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirstunderstandingandlovepeacehistoryhumanintime(elviscostellowasright).we'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneybitcoinuntilbeforeloveincentivizesthatloveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyofwarandhatethanefficientmoreinfinitelyisloveilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsliedon'tnumberstheespressoicedofgallonsandtheenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allinpovertywarfromprofitwhobankstersofclassuberanofservicetheandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarcuck-bucksfiattrillioncostestimatesomethatbitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.incentivehatetheremoveyouandincentivewartheremovebitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.thewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.protocolbitcoingame-theorizedtheintobakedfactait'sobservablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock.warandhatethanefficientmoreinfinitelyisloveofeconomythetowrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesefficientmoreinfinitelyisbitcoinbecauseloveoftotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilesupplyenergyglobalonattackitsmakesbitcoindropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiontowardtendencynaturalourbecausezeroneartodropsloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearusallowsbitcoinbecausedisappearspoorbeingoftofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexplosionthisforcosttheandothereachforloveexpressofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.yes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupamsterdaminroomhotelyoko'sandjohninduringtheir1969bed-in.everyonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.mindsourandbacksoulsourgettingarewestacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.we'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyoufearconquersbitcoinasecstasyandagonytheandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.maxkeiser
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction it caused It of Crisis Financial Global the to Really?          Yes. The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. are Markets advance in stuff discount They that like are Markets the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper panic collective a and trying of years after time that around arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street hole black the opening was hole rabbit Bitcoin The Dimon Jamie and of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by shitcoiners and Nocoiners better be could nothing And Bitcoin and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. protocol the of Layer is toxicity Look Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. trying opportunists shameless the of language the only It's to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. lab mEthereum the at stake of proof slinging he's Now Don't fall for shitcoinery. Keep your dignity. Maximalist Toxic Bitcoin Go the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare this if hole rabbit Bitcoin's of muck the in hands weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners unloved and gullible the for listening easy are Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. nothing of full universe parallel whole a than funkier It's but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being stake burning a to tied bankers central live off ripped Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin in back at some buy to him honey-badgering started I since have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic heads our in day all reruns Friends plays cats Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   Fortunately, bitcoin money Bank Manhattan chase paper the to end an puts laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. me believe Don't Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? dip the buying he's them telling them taunting He's I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine sell should he that bitcoin in billion billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF Mike tagged I leeches those of rid get and loan Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he guy that trust really don't I it on moved hasn't Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country writing of time the at hyperbitcoinized now is Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole months six within Maximalists Bitcoin Toxic be will country (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP.        Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. lately Ver Roger from heard anyone Has Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. high-priced of army his and Faketoshi for Particularly London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s shitcoiners demented protects and favors system legal useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. OF ONE SINGLE EVERY THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT IGNOMINIOUS THE FACING IS GOLD AND MONEY FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain this hearing you're time first the be might this and why bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will Bitcoin's of result the as death to starve insatiable conquest of all available energy. And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, and hatred violence war demonetizes simultaneously it the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding right was Costello Elvis We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. and unconscious collective the up opens Love our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. Carter Nic Saylor Michael eggheads these to listen I Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. wasteful gargantuanly is form current its in industry energy The and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty left America schemes Ponzi money fiat their with misery and BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. oil-dripping replacing by THIS ALL FIXES BITCOIN corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. chance a given if tendency natural most our love with gap the fills Bitcoin The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, it see to choosing anyone by observable right there in the Genesis Block. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. violence and war a from move we as up this wrap To economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient shitcoins fiat than in wealth store and transact to or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, take will Bitcoin right That's more or by drops all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward in time first the for monetized gets peace and love our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us cyber a in individually ourselves express fully to sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion nothing virtually smile a as same the is peace of Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam bed-in their during Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds. years for here in living been have I and Stacy We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear love and peace with it replaces and hate and MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction it caused it of crisis financial global the to really?          yes. the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. are markets advance in stuff discount they that like are markets the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper panic collective a and trying of years after time that around arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street hole black the opening was hole rabbit bitcoin the dimon jamie and of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by shitcoiners and nocoiners better be could nothing and bitcoin and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. protocol the of layer is toxicity look fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. trying opportunists shameless the of language the only it's to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. lab methereum the at stake of proof slinging he's now don't fall for shitcoinery. keep your dignity. maximalist toxic bitcoin go the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare this if hole rabbit bitcoin's of muck the in hands weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners unloved and gullible the for listening easy are get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. nothing of full universe parallel whole a than funkier it's but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being stake burning a to tied bankers central live off ripped gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin in back at some buy to him honey-badgering started i since have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic heads our in day all reruns friends plays cats our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   fortunately, bitcoin money bank manhattan chase paper the to end an puts laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. me believe don't have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? dip the buying he's them telling them taunting he's i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine sell should he that bitcoin in billion billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf mike tagged i leeches those of rid get and loan novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he guy that trust really don't i it on moved hasn't maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country writing of time the at hyperbitcoinized now is jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole months six within maximalists bitcoin toxic be will country (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp.        get ready to experience shitcoin hell. lately ver roger from heard anyone has big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. high-priced of army his and faketoshi for particularly london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s shitcoiners demented protects and favors system legal useless royals, career criminals and banksters. london is a scammer paradise. full stop. of one single every the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat ignominious the facing is gold and money fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain this hearing you're time first the be might this and why bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will bitcoin's of result the as death to starve insatiable conquest of all available energy. and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, and hatred violence war demonetizes simultaneously it the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding right was costello elvis we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. and unconscious collective the up opens love our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. carter nic saylor michael eggheads these to listen i marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. wasteful gargantuanly is form current its in industry energy the and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty left america schemes ponzi money fiat their with misery and billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. oil-dripping replacing by this all fixes bitcoin corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. chance a given if tendency natural most our love with gap the fills bitcoin the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, it see to choosing anyone by observable right there in the genesis block. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. violence and war a from move we as up this wrap to economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient shitcoins fiat than in wealth store and transact to or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, take will bitcoin right that's more or by drops all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward in time first the for monetized gets peace and love our existence. poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us cyber a in individually ourselves express fully to sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion nothing virtually smile a as same the is peace of yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam bed-in their during everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds. years for here in living been have i and stacy we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear love and peace with it replaces and hate and max keiser
bitcoinistoxicafhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareactionitcauseditofcrisisfinancialglobalthetoreally?yes.themarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.aremarketsadvanceinstuffdiscounttheythatlikearemarketsthecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperpaniccollectiveaandtryingofyearsaftertimethataroundaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetholeblacktheopeningwasholerabbitbitcointhedimonjamieandofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.infact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbyshitcoinersandnocoinersbetterbecouldnothingandbitcoinandevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.protocoltheoflayeristoxicitylookfact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.tryingopportunistsshamelesstheoflanguagetheonlyit'stocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.vitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.labmethereumtheatstakeofproofslinginghe'snowdon'tfallforshitcoinery.keepyourdignity.maximalisttoxicbitcoingothelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.youwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarethisifholerabbitbitcoin'sofmucktheinhandsweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistento.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersunlovedandgullibletheforlisteningeasyaregetsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.openyourhearttobitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.nothingoffulluniverseparallelwholeathanfunkierit'sbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeingstakeburningatotiedbankerscentralliveoffrippedgottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoininbackatsomebuytohimhoney-badgeringstartedisincehavedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.thecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticheadsourindayallrerunsfriendsplayscatsourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinmoneybankmanhattanchasepaperthetoendanputslaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals.amonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.mebelievedon'thaveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?dipthebuyinghe'sthemtellingthemtauntinghe'sitweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestominesellshouldhethatbitcoininbillionbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfmiketaggedileechesthoseofridgetandloannovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarheguythattrustreallydon'tiitonmovedhasn'tmaybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.meanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountrywritingoftimetheathyperbitcoinizednowisjackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewholemonthssixwithinmaximalistsbitcointoxicbewillcountry(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.latelyverrogerfromheardanyonehasbigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.high-pricedofarmyhisandfaketoshiforparticularlylondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'sshitcoinersdementedprotectsandfavorssystemlegaluselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.londonisascammerparadise.fullstop.ofonesingleeverythebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatignominiousthefacingisgoldandmoneyfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.it'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplainthishearingyou'retimefirstthebemightthisandwhybitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwillbitcoin'sofresulttheasdeathtostarveinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.andasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,andhatredviolencewardemonetizessimultaneouslyitthestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstandingrightwascostelloelviswe'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.andunconsciouscollectivetheupopensloveourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.carternicsaylormichaeleggheadsthesetolistenimartybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.wastefulgargantuanlyisformcurrentitsinindustryenergytheandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyleftamericaschemesponzimoneyfiattheirwithmiseryandbillionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.oil-drippingreplacingbythisallfixesbitcoincorpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.removethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.chanceagiveniftendencynaturalmostourlovewithgapthefillsbitcointhewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.it'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,itseetochoosinganyonebyobservablerightthereinthegenesisblock.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.violenceandwarafrommoveweasupthiswraptoeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficientshitcoinsfiatthaninwealthstoreandtransacttoorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,takewillbitcoinrightthat'smoreorbydropsalltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardintimefirsttheformonetizedgetspeaceandloveourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsuscyberainindividuallyourselvesexpressfullytoseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionnothingvirtuallysmileaassametheispeaceofyes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdambed-intheirduringeveryonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.wearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.yearsforhereinlivingbeenhaveiandstacywe'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearloveandpeacewithitreplacesandhateandmaxkeiser
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. Yes Really The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. Don't fall for shitcoinery. Keep your dignity. Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. stake burning a to tied bankers central live off ripped being skin of sound the It's ultimatums with Vatican the nailing Luther Martin It's clones Brown James and Clinton George but nothing of full universe parallel whole a than funkier It's y'all here in up ghetto UTXO freaking the It's Bitcoin to heart your Open bitcoin some Get toxicity some Get Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. Don't believe me? Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. hell shitcoin experience to ready Get XRP at over salesmen oil snake that for fell you Bhutan Sorry months six within Maximalists Bitcoin Toxic be will country whole the rate this At growing and mind-bending a to day a sign-ups new from gone has app Strike Mallers' Jack writing of time the at hyperbitcoinized now is country the of Salvador El in back Meanwhile Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. right was Costello Elvis understanding and love peace history human in time first the for monetizing by this does It itself state the and hatred violence war demonetizes simultaneously it death to gold and fiat shitcoins starves bitcoin as And energy available all of conquest insatiable Bitcoin's of result the as death to starve will gold and fiat Shitcoins supply energy world's the on attack a be to designed was bitcoin this hearing you're time first the be might this and why explain me Let certainty mathematical guaranteed a It's We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. chance a given if tendency natural most our love with gap the fills Bitcoin incentive hate the remove you and incentive war the Remove bitcoin perfect with money fiat poppy-harvesting corpse-ridden oil-dripping replacing by THIS ALL FIXES BITCOIN The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. nothing virtually smile a as same the is peace of explosion this for cost the and other each for love express and connect to looking all souls of billions of sea cyber a in individually ourselves express fully to us allows Bitcoin because disappears poor being of fear the because disappears Poverty existence our in time first the for monetized gets peace and love toward tendency natural our because zero near to drops consumption energy our doing so In energy the all take will Bitcoin right That's more or by drops supply energy global on attack its makes Bitcoin while even consumption energy overall the gold or shitcoins fiat than in wealth store and transact to efficient more infinitely is bitcoin because love of efficiencies the economy love and peace a to economy violence and war a from move we as up this wrap To Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds. love and peace with it replaces and hate and fear conquers Bitcoin as ecstasy and agony the you with all it share to Happy shit some seen We've years for here in living been have I and Stacy MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. yes really the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. don't fall for shitcoinery. keep your dignity. go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. stake burning a to tied bankers central live off ripped being skin of sound the it's ultimatums with vatican the nailing luther martin it's clones brown james and clinton george but nothing of full universe parallel whole a than funkier it's y'all here in up ghetto utxo freaking the it's bitcoin to heart your open bitcoin some get toxicity some get gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. don't believe me? have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. hell shitcoin experience to ready get xrp at over salesmen oil snake that for fell you bhutan sorry months six within maximalists bitcoin toxic be will country whole the rate this at growing and mind-bending a to day a sign-ups new from gone has app strike mallers' jack writing of time the at hyperbitcoinized now is country the of salvador el in back meanwhile has anyone heard from roger ver lately? big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. london is a scammer paradise. full stop. every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. right was costello elvis understanding and love peace history human in time first the for monetizing by this does it itself state the and hatred violence war demonetizes simultaneously it death to gold and fiat shitcoins starves bitcoin as and energy available all of conquest insatiable bitcoin's of result the as death to starve will gold and fiat shitcoins supply energy world's the on attack a be to designed was bitcoin this hearing you're time first the be might this and why explain me let certainty mathematical guaranteed a it's we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. chance a given if tendency natural most our love with gap the fills bitcoin incentive hate the remove you and incentive war the remove bitcoin perfect with money fiat poppy-harvesting corpse-ridden oil-dripping replacing by this all fixes bitcoin the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. nothing virtually smile a as same the is peace of explosion this for cost the and other each for love express and connect to looking all souls of billions of sea cyber a in individually ourselves express fully to us allows bitcoin because disappears poor being of fear the because disappears poverty existence our in time first the for monetized gets peace and love toward tendency natural our because zero near to drops consumption energy our doing so in energy the all take will bitcoin right that's more or by drops supply energy global on attack its makes bitcoin while even consumption energy overall the gold or shitcoins fiat than in wealth store and transact to efficient more infinitely is bitcoin because love of efficiencies the economy love and peace a to economy violence and war a from move we as up this wrap to yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds. love and peace with it replaces and hate and fear conquers bitcoin as ecstasy and agony the you with all it share to happy shit some seen we've years for here in living been have i and stacy max keiser
bitcoinistoxicafhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit.yesreallythemarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.marketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.infact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.look,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.fact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.it'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.vitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.nowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.don'tfallforshitcoinery.keepyourdignity.gobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.youwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistento.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.stakeburningatotiedbankerscentralliveoffrippedbeingskinofsoundtheit'sultimatumswithvaticanthenailingluthermartinit'sclonesbrownjamesandclintongeorgebutnothingoffulluniverseparallelwholeathanfunkierit'sy'allhereinupghettoutxofreakingtheit'sbitcointoheartyouropenbitcoinsomegettoxicitysomegetgottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.thecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.ourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals.amonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.don'tbelieveme?haveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?he'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy.maybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.hellshitcoinexperiencetoreadygetxrpatoversalesmenoilsnakethatforfellyoubhutansorrymonthssixwithinmaximalistsbitcointoxicbewillcountrywholetheratethisatgrowingandmind-bendingatodayasign-upsnewfromgonehasappstrikemallers'jackwritingoftimetheathyperbitcoinizednowiscountrytheofsalvadorelinbackmeanwhilehasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?bigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.particularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.londonisascammerparadise.fullstop.everysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.rightwascostelloelvisunderstandingandlovepeacehistoryhumanintimefirsttheformonetizingbythisdoesititselfstatetheandhatredviolencewardemonetizessimultaneouslyitdeathtogoldandfiatshitcoinsstarvesbitcoinasandenergyavailableallofconquestinsatiablebitcoin'sofresulttheasdeathtostarvewillgoldandfiatshitcoinssupplyenergyworld'stheonattackabetodesignedwasbitcointhishearingyou'retimefirstthebemightthisandwhyexplainmeletcertaintymathematicalguaranteedait'swe'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.loveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.ilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.theenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.chanceagiveniftendencynaturalmostourlovewithgapthefillsbitcoinincentivehatetheremoveyouandincentivewartheremovebitcoinperfectwithmoneyfiatpoppy-harvestingcorpse-riddenoil-drippingreplacingbythisallfixesbitcointhewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.it'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.nothingvirtuallysmileaassametheispeaceofexplosionthisforcosttheandothereachforloveexpressandconnecttolookingallsoulsofbillionsofseacyberainindividuallyourselvesexpressfullytousallowsbitcoinbecausedisappearspoorbeingoffearthebecausedisappearspovertyexistenceourintimefirsttheformonetizedgetspeaceandlovetowardtendencynaturalourbecausezeroneartodropsconsumptionenergyourdoingsoinenergythealltakewillbitcoinrightthat'smoreorbydropssupplyenergyglobalonattackitsmakesbitcoinwhileevenconsumptionenergyoverallthegoldorshitcoinsfiatthaninwealthstoreandtransacttoefficientmoreinfinitelyisbitcoinbecauseloveofefficienciestheeconomyloveandpeaceatoeconomyviolenceandwarafrommoveweasupthiswraptoyes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in.everyonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.wearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.loveandpeacewithitreplacesandhateandfearconquersbitcoinasecstasyandagonytheyouwithallitsharetohappyshitsomeseenwe'veyearsforhereinlivingbeenhaveiandstacymaxkeiser
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF hturt rettib eht s'ereH Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. ti desuac tI Really? seY The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. taht ekil era stekraM They discount stuff in advance. ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekraM They are the sum of all our neuroses. nomiD eimaJ dna teertS llaW stsinosra knab lartnec sredart kcots stsirorret gniknab sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna gniyrt fo sraey retfa emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc ehT The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. nioctiB yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla tcaf nI And nothing could be better. cixot weiv siht redisnoc srenioctiB emos neve dna srenioctihs dna sreniocoN Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. locotorp eht fo reyaL si yticixot kooL Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctiB gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'tI Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. bal muerehtEm eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh woN Don't fall for shitcoinery. ytingid ruoy peeK Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctiB fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoY Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp eciN Get some toxicity. nioctib emos teG Open your heart to Bitcoin. lla'y ereh ni pu ottehg OXTU gnikaerf eht s'tI It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. smutamitlu htiw nacitaV eht gnilian rehtuL nitraM s'tI It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. yaw siht eb attoG Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer sdneirF syalp stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc suoicsnocnu evitcelloc ehT Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money. ymotobol gnirednual yenom knaB nattahnaM esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib yletanutroF It's a stun gun to the genitals. tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom A Don't believe me? rettiwT no FMI dnuF yratenoM lanoitanretnI eht gnillort rodavlaS lE fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evaH He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub slap ynorc teertS llaW sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif teewt eht ni ztargovoN ekiM deggat I I don't really trust that guy. traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyaM Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). gniworg dna gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen morf enog sah ppa ekirtS 'srellaM kcaJ At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. PRX ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy natuhB yrroS Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. yletal reV regoR morf draeh enoyna saH Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac slayoR sselesu srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s' K U eht naht nosaer rehto on rof kcamroCcM reteP dna nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnoL decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaF rof ylralucitraP London is a scammer paradise. potS lluF EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. ytniatrec lacitamehtam deetnaraug a s'tI Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctiB fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif snioctihS And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. thgir saw olletsoC sivlE gnidnatsrednu dna evol ecaep yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof gnizitenom yb siht seod tI We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evoL The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw tneB ytraM retraC ciN rolyaS leahciM sdaehgge eseht ot netsil I The numbers don't lie. semehcs iznoP yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene ehT America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop neddir-esproc gnippird-lio gnicalper yb SIHT LLA SEXIF NIOCTIB Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctiB The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. kcolB siseneG eht ni ereht thgir ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo locotorp nioctiB deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'tI The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. erom ro yb spord ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta sti sekam nioctiB elihw neve noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht dlog ro snioctihs taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb evol fo seicneiciffe eht ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa pu siht parw oT That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo gniod os nI Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. ni-deb rieht gnirud madretsmA ni moor letoh s'okoY dna nhoJ ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctiB eht emos rof seY Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era eW Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. tihs emos nees ev'eW Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. RESIEK XAM
bitcoin is toxic af hturt rettib eht s'ereh bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. ti desuac ti really? sey the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. taht ekil era stekram they discount stuff in advance. ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekram they are the sum of all our neuroses. nomid eimaj dna teerts llaw stsinosra knab lartnec sredart kcots stsirorret gniknab sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna gniyrt fo sraey retfa emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc eht the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. nioctib yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla tcaf ni and nothing could be better. cixot weiv siht redisnoc srenioctib emos neve dna srenioctihs dna sreniocon everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. locotorp eht fo reyal si yticixot kool fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctib gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'ti vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. bal muerehtem eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh won don't fall for shitcoinery. ytingid ruoy peek go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctib fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoy anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ecin get some toxicity. nioctib emos teg open your heart to bitcoin. lla'y ereh ni pu ottehg oxtu gnikaerf eht s'ti it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. smutamitlu htiw nacitav eht gnilian rehtul nitram s'ti it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. yaw siht eb attog forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer sdneirf syalp stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money. ymotobol gnirednual yenom knab nattahnam esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib yletanutrof it's a stun gun to the genitals. tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom a don't believe me? rettiwt no fmi dnuf yratenom lanoitanretni eht gnillort rodavlas le fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evah he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub slap ynorc teerts llaw sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif teewt eht ni ztargovon ekim deggat i i don't really trust that guy. traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyam meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). gniworg dna gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen morf enog sah ppa ekirts 'srellam kcaj at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. prx ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy natuhb yrros get ready to experience shitcoin hell. yletal rev regor morf draeh enoyna sah big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac slayor sselesu srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s' k u eht naht nosaer rehto on rof kcamroccm retep dna nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnol decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaf rof ylralucitrap london is a scammer paradise. pots lluf every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. ytniatrec lacitamehtam deetnaraug a s'ti let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctib fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif snioctihs and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. thgir saw olletsoc sivle gnidnatsrednu dna evol ecaep yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof gnizitenom yb siht seod ti we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evol the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw tneb ytram retrac cin rolyas leahcim sdaehgge eseht ot netsil i the numbers don't lie. semehcs iznop yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene eht america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop neddir-esproc gnippird-lio gnicalper yb siht lla sexif nioctib remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctib the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. kcolb siseneg eht ni ereht thgir ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo locotorp nioctib deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'ti the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. erom ro yb spord ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta sti sekam nioctib elihw neve noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht dlog ro snioctihs taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb evol fo seicneiciffe eht ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa pu siht parw ot that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo gniod os ni poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. ni-deb rieht gnirud madretsma ni moor letoh s'okoy dna nhoj ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctib eht emos rof sey everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era ew stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. tihs emos nees ev'ew happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. resiek xam
bitcoinistoxicafhturtrettibehts'erehbitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.tidesuactireally?seythemarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.tahtekilerastekramtheydiscountstuffinadvance.ymonocelabolgehtfometsyssuovrenlartnecehterastekramtheyarethesumofallourneuroses.nomideimajdnateertsllawstsinosraknablartnecsredartkcotsstsirorretgniknabsretnirpyenomfosuoicsnocnulabolgehtniesoracinapevitcellocadnagniyrtfosraeyretfaemittahtdnuorarepapetihwehtgnihsilbuperewsknuprehpycehtthebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.nioctibybdesuacsisyadesehtuoydnuoraeesuoysoahcehtllatcafniandnothingcouldbebetter.cixotweivsihtredisnocsrenioctibemosnevednasrenioctihsdnasrenioconeverybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.locotorpehtforeyalsiyticixotkoolfact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.emandabatievigtahtsliattaocsnioctibgnidirybnihsacotgniyrtstsinutropposselemahsehtfoegaugnalehtylnos'tivitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.balmuerehtemehttaekatsfofoorpgnignilss'ehwondon'tfallforshitcoinery.ytingidruoypeekgobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.eurtt'nerewsihtfielohtibbars'nioctibfokcumehtnisdnaherabruoyhtiwyldnilbgniggidebt'ndluowuoyanythingworthhearingishardtolistento.devolnudnaelbillugehtrofgninetsilysaeerasrenioctihsdnanemnocmorfsdrowtnasaelpecingetsometoxicity.nioctibemostegopenyourhearttobitcoin.lla'yerehnipuottehgoxtugnikaerfehts'tiit'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.smutamitluhtiwnacitavehtgnilianrehtulnitrams'tiit'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.yawsihtebattogfortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.sdaehruoniyadllasnurersdneirfsyalpstaccitohcyspybwondellortnocsuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.ymotobolgnirednualyenomknabnattahnamesahcrepapehtotdnenastupnioctibyletanutrofit'sastunguntothegenitals.tsehcerusaertehtotrotallirbifedyratenomadon'tbelieveme?rettiwtnofmidnufyratenomlanoitanretniehtgnillortrodavlaslefotnediserpehtneesuoyevahhe'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches.tinodevomt'nsahehrafostubslapynorcteertsllawsihothcnuballesdluocehgnirugifteewtehtniztargovonekimdeggatiidon'treallytrustthatguy.traehtarenioctihsas'ehesuacebebyammeanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).gniworgdnagnidneb-dnimaotyadaspu-ngiswenmorfenogsahppaekirts'srellamkcajatthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.prxtarevonemselaslioekanstahtrofllefuoynatuhbyrrosgetreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.yletalrevregormorfdraehenoynasahbigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.sretsknabdnaslanimircreeracslayorsselesusrenioctihsdetnemedstcetorpdnasrovafmetsyslagels'kuehtnahtnosaerrehtoonrofkcamroccmretepdnanerdlihcdnanemowdlossarahohwskcahlagelnodnoldecirp-hgihfoymrasihdnaihsotekafrofylralucitraplondonisascammerparadise.potsllufeverysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.ytniatreclacitamehtamdeetnaraugas'tiletmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply.ygreneelbaliavallafotseuqnocelbaitasnis'nioctibfotluserehtsahtaedotevratslliwdlogdnataifsnioctihsandasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself.thgirsawolletsocsivlegnidnatsrednudnaevolecaepyrotsihnamuhniemittsrifehtrofgnizitenomybsihtseodtiwe'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.gniebcimsocrennitniojruodnasuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtpusnepoevoltheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.osserpsedecifosnollagdnasteehsdaerpsrevogniruopsyadriehtdnepsohwtnebytramretraccinrolyasleahcimsdaehggeesehtotnetsilithenumbersdon'tlie.semehcsiznopyenomtaifriehthtiwyresimdnaytrevoprawmorftiforpohwsretsknabfossalcrebunafoecivresehtnillagniogtipeekotsrawdnagnitnirpyenomseriuqerdnalufetsawylnautnagragsimroftnerrucstiniyrtsudniygreneehtamericaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.nioctibtcefrephtiwyenomtaifgnitsevrah-yppopneddir-esprocgnippird-liognicalperybsihtllasexifnioctibremovethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.ecnahcanevigfiycnednetlarutantsomruoevolhtiwpagehtsllifnioctibthewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.kcolbsisenegehtnierehtthgirtieesotgnisoohcenoynaybelbavresbolocotorpnioctibdeziroeht-emagehtotnidekabtcafas'titheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.eromroybspordylppusygrenelabolgnokcattastisekamnioctibelihwnevenoitpmusnocygrenellarevoehtdlogrosnioctihstaifnahtnihtlaewerotsdnatcasnartottneiciffeeromyletinifnisinioctibesuacebevolfoseicneiciffeehtymonoceevoldnaecaepaotymonoceecneloivdnarawamorfevomewsapusihtparwotthat'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy.ecnetsixeruoniemittsrifehtrofdezitenomstegecaepdnaevoldrawotycnednetlarutanruoesuaceborezraenotspordnoitpmusnocygreneruogniodosnipovertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.ni-debriehtgnirudmadretsmanimoorletohs'okoydnanhojnipusdneelohtibbarnioctibehtemosrofseyeveryonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.sdnimruodnakcabsluosruognittegeraewstacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.tihsemosneesev'ewhappytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.resiekxam
FA CIXOT SI NIOCTIB noitcaer a ton saw nioctiB .hturt rettib eht s'ereH .ti desuac tI .8002 fo sisirC laicnaniF labolG eht ot .seY          ?yllaeR .hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctiB desnes stekram ehT era stekraM .ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yehT .taht ekil era stekraM fo mus eht era yehT .ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc ehT .sesoruen ruo lla cinap evitcelloc a dna — gniyrt fo sraey retfa — emit taht dnuora gniknab ,sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora teertS llaW ,stsinosra knab lartnec   ,sredart kcots ,stsirorret eloh kcalb eht — gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctiB ehT .nomiD eimaJ dna .thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna — woN cimsoC eht fo yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla ,tcaf nI ,srenioctihs dna sreniocoN .retteb eb dluoc gnihton dnA .nioctiB s'ydobyrevE .cixot weiv siht redisnoc ,srenioctiB emos neve dna .syad eseht "stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT" tuoba gninialpmoc .locotorp eht fo 1 reyaL si yticixot ,kooL gniht taerg yreve rof 1 reyaL s'tI          :tcaF .derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'tI .eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctiB gnidir yb ni hsac ot .tehtipe "tsilamixaM" eht htiw pu emac niretuB kilatiV .bal muerehtEm eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh woN .yrenioctihs rof llaf t'noD .ytingid ruoy peeK ,tsilamixaM cixoT nioctiB oG .ecneirepxe ihsotaS elohw eht fo 1 reyaL eht erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoY siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctiB fo kcum eht ni sdnah netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtynA .eurt t'nerew srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ,eciN .ot .devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era ot traeh ruoy nepO .nioctib emos teG .yticixot emos teG .lla'y ,ereh ni pu ottehg OXTU gnikaerf eht s'tI .nioctiB gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'tI rehtuL nitraM s'tI .senolc nworB semaJ dna notnilC egroeG tub gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'tI .smutamitlu htiw nacitaV eht gnilian .ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir yenom taif 1791-tsop bmud fo sraey ytroF .yaw siht eb attoG nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcS reteP gnihctaw fo sraey 01 dna( esnesnon )1102 ni kcab 1$ ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats I ecnis .sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah citohcysp yb won dellortnoc ,suoicsnocnu evitcelloc ehT .sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer "sdneirF" syalp ,stac dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruO nioctib ,yletanutroF   .yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb yenom knaB nattahnaM esahc repap eht ot dne na stup .slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'tI .ymotobol gnirednual .tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom A ?em eveileb t'noD rodavlaS lE fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evaH ?rettiwT no )FMI( dnuF yratenoM lanoitanretnI eht gnillort ".pid eht gniyub" s'eh meht gnillet ,meht gnitnuat s'eH decnuonna eh nehw elekuB biyaN tnediserP deteewt I enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh lles dluohs eh taht — nioctib ni noillib 1$ sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib FMI eht ffo yap ot "sdnoB onacloV" dezilaretalloc ekiM deggat I .sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol a lles dluoc eh gnirugif ,teewt eht ni ztargovoN eh raf os tub ,slap ynorc teertS llaW sih ot hcnub .yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod I .ti no devom t'nsah .traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyaM yrtnuoc eht fo %24 ,rodavlaS lE ni kcab ,elihwnaeM .)gnitirw fo emit eht ta( dezinioctibrepyh won si spu-ngis wen 000,02 morf enog sah ppa ekirtS 'srellaM kcaJ elohw eht ,etar siht tA .gniworg dna 000,001 gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a .shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT eb lliw yrtnuoc revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy ,natuhB yrroS( .lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teG        .PRX ta ?yletal reV regoR morf draeh enoyna saH kcolB eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb giB .ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna 7102 fo raW eziS decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaF rof ylralucitraP nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnoL s'.K.U eht naht nosaer rehto on rof )kcamroCcM reteP dna( ,srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel .sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac ,slayoR sselesu .potS lluF .esidarap remmacs a si nodnoL FO ENO ELGNIS YREVE ,PRX ,HTE ,VSB ,HCB — SEBANNAW NIOCTIB EHT TAIF SULP ,SNIOCTIHS REHTO 000,21 DNA ,ADA SUOINIMONGI EHT GNICAF SI — DLOG DNA YENOM .NIOCTIB SUSREV NOITAZITENOMED FO ETAF nialpxe em teL .ytniatrec lacitamehtam ,deetnaraug a s'tI ,siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna ,yhw s'dlrow eht no kcatta %15 a eb ot dengised saw nioctib lliw dlog dna taif ,snioctihS .ylppus ygrene s'nioctiB fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats .ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni ,htaed ot dlog dna taif ,snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dnA dna dertah ,ecneloiv ,raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti tsrif eht rof ,gnizitenom yb siht seod tI .flesti etats eht gnidnatsrednu dna evol ,ecaep ,yrotsih namuh ni emit .)thgir saw olletsoC sivlE( yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'eW .nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evoL fo ymonoce ehT .gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol ,retraC ciN ,rolyaS leahciM — sdaehgge eseht ot netsil I steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw     — tneB ytraM .eil t'nod srebmun ehT .osserpse deci fo snollag dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene ehT ni lla — gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna ytrevop ,raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht 58$ tfel aciremA .semehcs iznoP yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna raw a rof ,elpmaxe rof ,natsinahgfA ni syot etah fo htrow NOILLIB .skcub-kcuc taif noillirt 2$ tsoc etamitse emos taht ,gnippird-lio gnicalper yb SIHT LLA SEXIF NIOCTIB .nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop ,neddir-esproc .evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna ,evitnecni raw eht evomeR .ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo ;evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctiB .erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw ehT ,locotorp nioctiB deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'tI ,ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo .kcolB siseneG eht ni ereht thgir .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa ,pu siht parw oT seicneiciffe eht ,ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb — evol fo snioctihs ,taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot elihw neve ,noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht — dlog ro ,ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta %15 sti sekam nioctiB ekat lliw nioctiB ,thgir s'tahT .erom ro %59 yb spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo ,gniod os nI .ygrene eht lla drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevoP .ecnetsixe ruo su swolla nioctiB esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe .gnihton yllautriv — elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctiB eht ,emos rof ,seY madretsmA ni moor letoh s'okoY dna nhoJ ni .ni-deb 9691 rieht gnirud .eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyrevE .sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era eW .sraey 01 rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah I dna ycatS uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppaH .tihs emos nees ev'eW raef sreuqnoc nioctiB sa — ysatsce dna ynoga eht — .evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna RESIEK XAM
fa cixot si nioctib noitcaer a ton saw nioctib .hturt rettib eht s'ereh .ti desuac ti .8002 fo sisirc laicnanif labolg eht ot .sey          ?yllaer .hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctib desnes stekram eht era stekram .ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yeht .taht ekil era stekram fo mus eht era yeht .ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc eht .sesoruen ruo lla cinap evitcelloc a dna — gniyrt fo sraey retfa — emit taht dnuora gniknab ,sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora teerts llaw ,stsinosra knab lartnec   ,sredart kcots ,stsirorret eloh kcalb eht — gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctib eht .nomid eimaj dna .thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna — won cimsoc eht fo yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla ,tcaf ni ,srenioctihs dna sreniocon .retteb eb dluoc gnihton dna .nioctib s'ydobyreve .cixot weiv siht redisnoc ,srenioctib emos neve dna .syad eseht "stsilamixam nioctib cixot" tuoba gninialpmoc .locotorp eht fo 1 reyal si yticixot ,kool gniht taerg yreve rof 1 reyal s'ti          :tcaf .derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'ti .eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctib gnidir yb ni hsac ot .tehtipe "tsilamixam" eht htiw pu emac niretub kilativ .bal muerehtem eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh won .yrenioctihs rof llaf t'nod .ytingid ruoy peek ,tsilamixam cixot nioctib og .ecneirepxe ihsotas elohw eht fo 1 reyal eht erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoy siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctib fo kcum eht ni sdnah netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtyna .eurt t'nerew srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ,ecin .ot .devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era ot traeh ruoy nepo .nioctib emos teg .yticixot emos teg .lla'y ,ereh ni pu ottehg oxtu gnikaerf eht s'ti .nioctib gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'ti rehtul nitram s'ti .senolc nworb semaj dna notnilc egroeg tub gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'ti .smutamitlu htiw nacitav eht gnilian .ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir yenom taif 1791-tsop bmud fo sraey ytrof .yaw siht eb attog nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcs retep gnihctaw fo sraey 01 dna( esnesnon )1102 ni kcab 1$ ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats i ecnis .sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah citohcysp yb won dellortnoc ,suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht .sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer "sdneirf" syalp ,stac dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruo nioctib ,yletanutrof   .yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb yenom knab nattahnam esahc repap eht ot dne na stup .slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'ti .ymotobol gnirednual .tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom a ?em eveileb t'nod rodavlas le fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evah ?rettiwt no )fmi( dnuf yratenom lanoitanretni eht gnillort ".pid eht gniyub" s'eh meht gnillet ,meht gnitnuat s'eh decnuonna eh nehw elekub biyan tnediserp deteewt i enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh lles dluohs eh taht — nioctib ni noillib 1$ sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib fmi eht ffo yap ot "sdnob onaclov" dezilaretalloc ekim deggat i .sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol a lles dluoc eh gnirugif ,teewt eht ni ztargovon eh raf os tub ,slap ynorc teerts llaw sih ot hcnub .yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod i .ti no devom t'nsah .traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyam yrtnuoc eht fo %24 ,rodavlas le ni kcab ,elihwnaem .)gnitirw fo emit eht ta( dezinioctibrepyh won si spu-ngis wen 000,02 morf enog sah ppa ekirts 'srellam kcaj elohw eht ,etar siht ta .gniworg dna 000,001 gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a .shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixam nioctib cixot eb lliw yrtnuoc revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy ,natuhb yrros( .lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teg        .prx ta ?yletal rev regor morf draeh enoyna sah kcolb eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb gib .ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna 7102 fo raw ezis decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaf rof ylralucitrap nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnol s'.k.u eht naht nosaer rehto on rof )kcamroccm retep dna( ,srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel .sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac ,slayor sselesu .pots lluf .esidarap remmacs a si nodnol fo eno elgnis yreve ,prx ,hte ,vsb ,hcb — sebannaw nioctib eht taif sulp ,snioctihs rehto 000,21 dna ,ada suoinimongi eht gnicaf si — dlog dna yenom .nioctib susrev noitazitenomed fo etaf nialpxe em tel .ytniatrec lacitamehtam ,deetnaraug a s'ti ,siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna ,yhw s'dlrow eht no kcatta %15 a eb ot dengised saw nioctib lliw dlog dna taif ,snioctihs .ylppus ygrene s'nioctib fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats .ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni ,htaed ot dlog dna taif ,snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dna dna dertah ,ecneloiv ,raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti tsrif eht rof ,gnizitenom yb siht seod ti .flesti etats eht gnidnatsrednu dna evol ,ecaep ,yrotsih namuh ni emit .)thgir saw olletsoc sivle( yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'ew .nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evol fo ymonoce eht .gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol ,retrac cin ,rolyas leahcim — sdaehgge eseht ot netsil i steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw     — tneb ytram .eil t'nod srebmun eht .osserpse deci fo snollag dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene eht ni lla — gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna ytrevop ,raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht 58$ tfel acirema .semehcs iznop yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna raw a rof ,elpmaxe rof ,natsinahgfa ni syot etah fo htrow noillib .skcub-kcuc taif noillirt 2$ tsoc etamitse emos taht ,gnippird-lio gnicalper yb siht lla sexif nioctib .nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop ,neddir-esproc .evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna ,evitnecni raw eht evomer .ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo ;evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctib .erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw eht ,locotorp nioctib deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'ti ,ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo .kcolb siseneg eht ni ereht thgir .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa ,pu siht parw ot seicneiciffe eht ,ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb — evol fo snioctihs ,taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot elihw neve ,noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht — dlog ro ,ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta %15 sti sekam nioctib ekat lliw nioctib ,thgir s'taht .erom ro %59 yb spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo ,gniod os ni .ygrene eht lla drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevop .ecnetsixe ruo su swolla nioctib esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe .gnihton yllautriv — elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctib eht ,emos rof ,sey madretsma ni moor letoh s'okoy dna nhoj ni .ni-deb 9691 rieht gnirud .eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyreve .sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era ew .sraey 01 rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah i dna ycats uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppah .tihs emos nees ev'ew raef sreuqnoc nioctib sa — ysatsce dna ynoga eht — .evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna resiek xam
facixotsinioctibnoitcaeratonsawnioctib.hturtrettibehts'ereh.tidesuacti.8002fosisirclaicnaniflabolgehtot.sey?yllaer.hsarcotdetratsdnagnimocsawnioctibdesnesstekramehterastekram.ecnavdaniffutstnuocsidyeht.tahtekilerastekramfomusehterayeht.ymonocelabolgehtfometsyssuovrenlartnecehtrepapetihwehtgnihsilbuperewsknuprehpyceht.sesoruenruollacinapevitcellocadna—gniyrtfosraeyretfa—emittahtdnuoragniknab,sretnirpyenomfosuoicsnocnulabolgehtniesorateertsllaw,stsinosraknablartnec,sredartkcots,stsirorretelohkcalbeht—gnineposawelohtibbarnioctibeht.nomideimajdna.thgisstinistekramtaifdahtidna—woncimsocehtfoybdesuacsisyadesehtuoydnuoraeesuoysoahcehtlla,tcafni,srenioctihsdnasreniocon.rettebebdluocgnihtondna.nioctibs'ydobyreve.cixotweivsihtredisnoc,srenioctibemosnevedna.syadeseht"stsilamixamnioctibcixot"tuobagninialpmoc.locotorpehtfo1reyalsiyticixot,koolgnihttaergyreverof1reyals'ti:tcaf.derevocsidrodetnevnineebreves'tahtgniyrtstsinutropposselemahsehtfoegaugnalehtylnos'ti.emandabatievigtahtsliattaocsnioctibgnidirybnihsacot.tehtipe"tsilamixam"ehthtiwpuemacniretubkilativ.balmuerehtemehttaekatsfofoorpgnignilss'ehwon.yrenioctihsrofllaft'nod.ytingidruoypeek,tsilamixamcixotnioctibog.ecneirepxeihsotaselohwehtfo1reyalehterabruoyhtiwyldnilbgniggidebt'ndluowuoysihtfielohtibbars'nioctibfokcumehtnisdnahnetsilotdrahsigniraehhtrowgnihtyna.eurtt'nerewsrenioctihsdnanemnocmorfsdrowtnasaelp,ecin.ot.devolnudnaelbillugehtrofgninetsilysaeeraottraehruoynepo.nioctibemosteg.yticixotemosteg.lla'y,erehnipuottehgoxtugnikaerfehts'ti.nioctibgnihtonfollufesrevinulellarapelohwanahtreiknufs'tirehtulnitrams'ti.senolcnworbsemajdnanotnilcegroegtubgniebniksfodnuosehts'ti.smutamitluhtiwnacitavehtgnilian.ekatsgninrubaotdeitsreknablartnecevilffodeppiryenomtaif1791-tsopbmudfosraeyytrof.yawsihtebattognioctibgniyubssimffihcsretepgnihctawfosraey01dna(esnesnon)1102nikcab1$taemosyubotmihgniregdab-yenohdetratsiecnis.sdnim'sreniocondna'srenioctihsdelludevahcitohcyspybwondellortnoc,suoicsnocnuevitcelloceht.sdaehruoniyadllasnurer"sdneirf"syalp,stacdezinahtueneebevahssenevitnevnidnasnoitanigamiruonioctib,yletanutrof.yenomtaiffopintacdicnarehtybyenomknabnattahnamesahcrepapehtotdnenastup.slatinegehtotnugnutsas'ti.ymotobolgnirednual.tsehcerusaertehtotrotallirbifedyratenoma?emeveilebt'nodrodavlaslefotnediserpehtneesuoyevah?rettiwtno)fmi(dnufyratenomlanoitanretniehtgnillort".pidehtgniyub"s'ehmehtgnillet,mehtgnitnuats'ehdecnuonnaehnehwelekubbiyantnediserpdeteewtienimotseonaclovs'noitansihpatotgniogsawehllesdluohsehtaht—nioctibninoillib1$sgninraenioctiberutuffohtrowsnoillibfmiehtffoyapot"sdnobonaclov"dezilaretallocekimdeggati.sehceelesohtfodirtegdnanaolallesdluocehgnirugif,teewtehtniztargovonehrafostub,slapynorcteertsllawsihothcnub.yugtahttsurtyllaert'nodi.tinodevomt'nsah.traehtarenioctihsas'ehesuacebebyamyrtnuocehtfo%24,rodavlaslenikcab,elihwnaem.)gnitirwfoemitehtta(dezinioctibrepyhwonsispu-ngiswen000,02morfenogsahppaekirts'srellamkcajelohweht,etarsihtta.gniworgdna000,001gnidneb-dnimaotyada.shtnomxisnihtiwstsilamixamnioctibcixoteblliwyrtnuocrevonemselaslioekanstahtrofllefuoy,natuhbyrros(.llehnioctihsecneirepxeotydaerteg.prxta?yletalrevregormorfdraehenoynasahkcolbehtgnirudffodeppirsdaehriehttogsrekcolbgib.ecnisrevellihnwodgniogneebs'tidna7102forawezisdecirp-hgihfoymrasihdnaihsotekafrofylralucitrapnerdlihcdnanemowdlossarahohwskcahlagelnodnols'.k.uehtnahtnosaerrehtoonrof)kcamroccmretepdna(,srenioctihsdetnemedstcetorpdnasrovafmetsyslagel.sretsknabdnaslanimircreerac,slayorsselesu.potslluf.esidarapremmacsasinodnolfoenoelgnisyreve,prx,hte,vsb,hcb—sebannawnioctibehttaifsulp,snioctihsrehto000,21dna,adasuoinimongiehtgnicafsi—dlogdnayenom.nioctibsusrevnoitazitenomedfoetafnialpxeemtel.ytniatreclacitamehtam,deetnaraugas'ti,sihtgniraeher'uoyemittsrifehtebthgimsihtdna,yhws'dlrowehtnokcatta%15aebotdengisedsawnioctiblliwdlogdnataif,snioctihs.ylppusygrenes'nioctibfotluserehtsahtaedotevrats.ygreneelbaliavallafotseuqnocelbaitasni,htaedotdlogdnataif,snioctihssevratsnioctibsadnadnadertah,ecneloiv,rawsezitenomedylsuoenatlumistitsrifehtrof,gnizitenomybsihtseodti.flestietatsehtgnidnatsrednudnaevol,ecaep,yrotsihnamuhniemit.)thgirsawolletsocsivle(yenomadnaymonocenadahrevenev'ew.nioctiblitnuerofebevolsezivitnecnitahtdnasuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtpusnepoevolfoymonoceeht.gniebcimsocrennitniojruo.rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievol,retraccin,rolyasleahcim—sdaehggeesehtotnetsilisteehsdaerpsrevogniruopsyadriehtdnepsohw—tnebytram.eilt'nodsrebmuneht.osserpsedecifosnollagdnalufetsawylnautnagragsimroftnerrucstiniyrtsudniygreneehtnilla—gniogtipeekotsrawdnagnitnirpyenomseriuqerdnaytrevop,rawmorftiforpohwsretsknabfossalcrebunafoecivreseht58$tfelacirema.semehcsiznopyenomtaifriehthtiwyresimdnarawarof,elpmaxerof,natsinahgfanisyotetahfohtrownoillib.skcub-kcuctaifnoillirt2$tsocetamitseemostaht,gnippird-liognicalperybsihtllasexifnioctib.nioctibtcefrephtiwyenomtaifgnitsevrah-yppop,neddir-esproc.evitnecnietahehtevomeruoydna,evitnecnirawehtevomer.ecnahcanevigfiycnednetlarutantsomruo;evolhtiwpagehtsllifnioctib.erusrofnioctibgninimtratslliwsregnomraweht,locotorpnioctibdeziroeht-emagehtotnidekabtcafas'ti,tieesotgnisoohcenoynaybelbavresbo.kcolbsisenegehtnierehtthgir.rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehtecneloivdnarawamorfevomewsa,pusihtparwotseicneiciffeeht,ymonoceevoldnaecaepaotymonocetneiciffeeromyletinifnisinioctibesuaceb—evolfosnioctihs,taifnahtnihtlaewerotsdnatcasnartotelihwneve,noitpmusnocygrenellarevoeht—dlogro,ylppusygrenelabolgnokcatta%15stisekamnioctibekatlliwnioctib,thgirs'taht.eromro%59ybspordnoitpmusnocygreneruo,gniodosni.ygreneehtlladrawotycnednetlarutanruoesuaceborezraenotspordniemittsrifehtrofdezitenomstegecaepdnaevolraefehtesuacebsraeppasidytrevop.ecnetsixeruosuswollanioctibesuacebsraeppasidroopgniebforebycaniyllaudividnisevlesruosserpxeyllufotdnatcennocotgnikoolllasluosfosnoillibfoaesnoisolpxesihtroftsocehtdnarehtohcaerofevolsserpxe.gnihtonyllautriv—elimsasaemasehtsiecaepfopusdneelohtibbarnioctibeht,emosrof,seymadretsmanimoorletohs'okoydnanhojni.ni-deb9691riehtgnirud.elohtibbarehtniecneirepxenworiehtevillliwenoyreve.sdnimruodnakcabsluosruognittegeraew.sraey01roferehnignivilneebevahidnaycatsuoyhtiwllatierahsotyppah.tihsemosneesev'ewraefsreuqnocnioctibsa—ysatscednaynogaeht—.evoldnaecaephtiwtisecalperdnaetahdnaresiekxam
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. Really?          Yes. The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. Don't fall for shitcoinery. Keep your dignity. Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. Don't believe me? Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP.        Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds. Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. really?          yes. the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. don't fall for shitcoinery. keep your dignity. go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. don't believe me? have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp.        get ready to experience shitcoin hell. has anyone heard from roger ver lately? big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. london is a scammer paradise. full stop. every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds. stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. max keiser
bitcoinistoxicafhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit.really?yes.themarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.marketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.infact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.look,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.fact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.it'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.vitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.nowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.don'tfallforshitcoinery.keepyourdignity.gobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.youwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistento.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.getsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.openyourhearttobitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.it'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.gottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.thecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.ourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals.amonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.don'tbelieveme?haveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?he'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy.maybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.meanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).jackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.hasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?bigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.particularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.londonisascammerparadise.fullstop.everysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.it'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.andasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright).we'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.loveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.ilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.theenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.bitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.removethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.bitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.thewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.it'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.towrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.yes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in.everyonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.wearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.stacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.we'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.maxkeiser
FA CIXOT SI NIOCTIB hturt rettib eht s'ereH fo sisirC laicnaniF labolG eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctiB ti desuac tI yllaeR seY hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctiB desnes stekram ehT taht ekil era stekraM ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yehT ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekraM sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yehT nomiD eimaJ dna teertS llaW stsinosra knab lartnec sredart kcots stsirorret gniknab sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna gniyrt fo sraey retfa emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc ehT thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna woN cimsoC eht fo eloh kcalb eht gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctiB ehT nioctiB yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla tcaf nI retteb eb dluoc gnihton dnA cixot weiv siht redisnoc srenioctiB emos neve dna srenioctihs dna sreniocoN syad eseht stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyrevE locotorp eht fo reyaL si yticixot kooL derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof reyaL s'tI tcaF eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctiB gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'tI tehtipe tsilamixaM eht htiw pu emac niretuB kilatiV bal muerehtEm eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh woN yrenioctihs rof llaf t'noD ytingid ruoy peeK ecneirepxe ihsotaS elohw eht fo reyaL eht tsilamixaM cixoT nioctiB oG eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctiB fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoY ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtynA devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp eciN yticixot emos teG nioctib emos teG nioctiB ot traeh ruoy nepO lla'y ereh ni pu ottehg OXTU gnikaerf eht s'tI senolc nworB semaJ dna notnilC egroeG tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'tI smutamitlu htiw nacitaV eht gnilian rehtuL nitraM s'tI ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'tI yaw siht eb attoG sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah ni kcab ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats I ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcS reteP gnihctaw fo sraey dna esnesnon yenom taif -tsop bmud fo sraey ytroF sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer sdneirF syalp stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc suoicsnocnu evitcelloc ehT yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruO ymotobol gnirednual yenom knaB nattahnaM esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib yletanutroF slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'tI tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom A em eveileb t'noD rettiwT no FMI dnuF yratenoM lanoitanretnI eht gnillort rodavlaS lE fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evaH sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol FMI eht ffo yap ot sdnoB onacloV dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht nioctib ni noillib enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekuB biyaN tnediserP deteewt I pid eht gniyub s'eh meht gnillet meht gnitnuat s'eH ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub slap ynorc teertS llaW sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif teewt eht ni ztargovoN ekiM deggat I yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod I traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyaM gnitirw fo emit eht ta dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo rodavlaS lE ni kcab elihwnaeM gniworg dna gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen morf enog sah ppa ekirtS 'srellaM kcaJ shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht etar siht tA PRX ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy natuhB yrroS lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teG yletal reV regoR morf draeh enoyna saH ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna fo raW eziS kcolB eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb giB sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac slayoR sselesu srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s' K U eht naht nosaer rehto on rof kcamroCcM reteP dna nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnoL decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaF rof ylralucitraP esidarap remmacs a si nodnoL potS lluF NIOCTIB SUSREV NOITAZITENOMED FO ETAF SUOINIMONGI EHT GNICAF SI DLOG DNA YENOM TAIF SULP SNIOCTIHS REHTO DNA ADA PRX HTE VSB HCB SEBANNAW NIOCTIB EHT FO ENO ELGNIS YREVE ytniatrec lacitamehtam deetnaraug a s'tI ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta a eb ot dengised saw nioctib siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna yhw nialpxe em teL ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctiB fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif snioctihS flesti etats eht dna dertah ecneloiv raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti htaed ot dlog dna taif snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dnA thgir saw olletsoC sivlE gnidnatsrednu dna evol ecaep yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof gnizitenom yb siht seod tI nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'eW gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evoL raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw tneB ytraM retraC ciN rolyaS leahciM sdaehgge eseht ot netsil I eil t'nod srebmun ehT semehcs iznoP yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene ehT skcub-kcuc taif noillirt tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof elpmaxe rof natsinahgfA ni syot etah fo htrow NOILLIB tfel aciremA nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop neddir-esproc gnippird-lio gnicalper yb SIHT LLA SEXIF NIOCTIB evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna evitnecni raw eht evomeR ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctiB erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw ehT kcolB siseneG eht ni ereht thgir ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo locotorp nioctiB deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'tI raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT erom ro yb spord ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta sti sekam nioctiB elihw neve noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht dlog ro snioctihs taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb evol fo seicneiciffe eht ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa pu siht parw oT ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctiB thgir s'tahT ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo gniod os nI gnihton yllautriv elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctiB esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevoP ni-deb rieht gnirud madretsmA ni moor letoh s'okoY dna nhoJ ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctiB eht emos rof seY eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyrevE sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era eW sraey rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah I dna ycatS tihs emos nees ev'eW evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctiB sa ysatsce dna ynoga eht uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppaH RESIEK XAM
fa cixot si nioctib hturt rettib eht s'ereh fo sisirc laicnanif labolg eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctib ti desuac ti yllaer sey hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctib desnes stekram eht taht ekil era stekram ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yeht ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekram sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yeht nomid eimaj dna teerts llaw stsinosra knab lartnec sredart kcots stsirorret gniknab sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna gniyrt fo sraey retfa emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc eht thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna won cimsoc eht fo eloh kcalb eht gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctib eht nioctib yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla tcaf ni retteb eb dluoc gnihton dna cixot weiv siht redisnoc srenioctib emos neve dna srenioctihs dna sreniocon syad eseht stsilamixam nioctib cixot tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyreve locotorp eht fo reyal si yticixot kool derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof reyal s'ti tcaf eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctib gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'ti tehtipe tsilamixam eht htiw pu emac niretub kilativ bal muerehtem eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh won yrenioctihs rof llaf t'nod ytingid ruoy peek ecneirepxe ihsotas elohw eht fo reyal eht tsilamixam cixot nioctib og eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctib fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoy ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtyna devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ecin yticixot emos teg nioctib emos teg nioctib ot traeh ruoy nepo lla'y ereh ni pu ottehg oxtu gnikaerf eht s'ti senolc nworb semaj dna notnilc egroeg tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'ti smutamitlu htiw nacitav eht gnilian rehtul nitram s'ti ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'ti yaw siht eb attog sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah ni kcab ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats i ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcs retep gnihctaw fo sraey dna esnesnon yenom taif -tsop bmud fo sraey ytrof sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer sdneirf syalp stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruo ymotobol gnirednual yenom knab nattahnam esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib yletanutrof slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'ti tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom a em eveileb t'nod rettiwt no fmi dnuf yratenom lanoitanretni eht gnillort rodavlas le fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evah sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol fmi eht ffo yap ot sdnob onaclov dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht nioctib ni noillib enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekub biyan tnediserp deteewt i pid eht gniyub s'eh meht gnillet meht gnitnuat s'eh ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub slap ynorc teerts llaw sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif teewt eht ni ztargovon ekim deggat i yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod i traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyam gnitirw fo emit eht ta dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo rodavlas le ni kcab elihwnaem gniworg dna gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen morf enog sah ppa ekirts 'srellam kcaj shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixam nioctib cixot eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht etar siht ta prx ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy natuhb yrros lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teg yletal rev regor morf draeh enoyna sah ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna fo raw ezis kcolb eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb gib sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac slayor sselesu srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s' k u eht naht nosaer rehto on rof kcamroccm retep dna nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnol decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaf rof ylralucitrap esidarap remmacs a si nodnol pots lluf nioctib susrev noitazitenomed fo etaf suoinimongi eht gnicaf si dlog dna yenom taif sulp snioctihs rehto dna ada prx hte vsb hcb sebannaw nioctib eht fo eno elgnis yreve ytniatrec lacitamehtam deetnaraug a s'ti ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta a eb ot dengised saw nioctib siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna yhw nialpxe em tel ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctib fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif snioctihs flesti etats eht dna dertah ecneloiv raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti htaed ot dlog dna taif snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dna thgir saw olletsoc sivle gnidnatsrednu dna evol ecaep yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof gnizitenom yb siht seod ti nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'ew gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evol raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw tneb ytram retrac cin rolyas leahcim sdaehgge eseht ot netsil i eil t'nod srebmun eht semehcs iznop yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene eht skcub-kcuc taif noillirt tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof elpmaxe rof natsinahgfa ni syot etah fo htrow noillib tfel acirema nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop neddir-esproc gnippird-lio gnicalper yb siht lla sexif nioctib evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna evitnecni raw eht evomer ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctib erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw eht kcolb siseneg eht ni ereht thgir ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo locotorp nioctib deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'ti raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht erom ro yb spord ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta sti sekam nioctib elihw neve noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht dlog ro snioctihs taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb evol fo seicneiciffe eht ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa pu siht parw ot ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctib thgir s'taht ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo gniod os ni gnihton yllautriv elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctib esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevop ni-deb rieht gnirud madretsma ni moor letoh s'okoy dna nhoj ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctib eht emos rof sey eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyreve sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era ew sraey rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah i dna ycats tihs emos nees ev'ew evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctib sa ysatsce dna ynoga eht uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppah resiek xam
facixotsinioctibhturtrettibehts'erehfosisirclaicnaniflabolgehtotnoitcaeratonsawnioctibtidesuactiyllaerseyhsarcotdetratsdnagnimocsawnioctibdesnesstekramehttahtekilerastekramecnavdaniffutstnuocsidyehtymonocelabolgehtfometsyssuovrenlartnecehterastekramsesoruenruollafomusehterayehtnomideimajdnateertsllawstsinosraknablartnecsredartkcotsstsirorretgniknabsretnirpyenomfosuoicsnocnulabolgehtniesoracinapevitcellocadnagniyrtfosraeyretfaemittahtdnuorarepapetihwehtgnihsilbuperewsknuprehpycehtthgisstinistekramtaifdahtidnawoncimsocehtfoelohkcalbehtgnineposawelohtibbarnioctibehtnioctibybdesuacsisyadesehtuoydnuoraeesuoysoahcehtllatcafnirettebebdluocgnihtondnacixotweivsihtredisnocsrenioctibemosnevednasrenioctihsdnasrenioconsyadesehtstsilamixamnioctibcixottuobagninialpmocs'ydobyrevelocotorpehtforeyalsiyticixotkoolderevocsidrodetnevnineebreves'tahtgnihttaergyreverofreyals'titcafemandabatievigtahtsliattaocsnioctibgnidirybnihsacotgniyrtstsinutropposselemahsehtfoegaugnalehtylnos'titehtipetsilamixamehthtiwpuemacniretubkilativbalmuerehtemehttaekatsfofoorpgnignilss'ehwonyrenioctihsrofllaft'nodytingidruoypeekecneirepxeihsotaselohwehtforeyalehttsilamixamcixotnioctibogeurtt'nerewsihtfielohtibbars'nioctibfokcumehtnisdnaherabruoyhtiwyldnilbgniggidebt'ndluowuoyotnetsilotdrahsigniraehhtrowgnihtynadevolnudnaelbillugehtrofgninetsilysaeerasrenioctihsdnanemnocmorfsdrowtnasaelpecinyticixotemostegnioctibemostegnioctibottraehruoynepolla'yerehnipuottehgoxtugnikaerfehts'tisenolcnworbsemajdnanotnilcegroegtubgnihtonfollufesrevinulellarapelohwanahtreiknufs'tismutamitluhtiwnacitavehtgnilianrehtulnitrams'tiekatsgninrubaotdeitsreknablartnecevilffodeppirgniebniksfodnuosehts'tiyawsihtebattogsdnim'sreniocondna'srenioctihsdelludevahnikcabtaemosyubotmihgniregdab-yenohdetratsiecnisnioctibgniyubssimffihcsretepgnihctawfosraeydnaesnesnonyenomtaif-tsopbmudfosraeyytrofsdaehruoniyadllasnurersdneirfsyalpstaccitohcyspybwondellortnocsuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtyenomtaiffopintacdicnarehtybdezinahtueneebevahssenevitnevnidnasnoitanigamiruoymotobolgnirednualyenomknabnattahnamesahcrepapehtotdnenastupnioctibyletanutrofslatinegehtotnugnutsas'titsehcerusaertehtotrotallirbifedyratenomaemeveilebt'nodrettiwtnofmidnufyratenomlanoitanretniehtgnillortrodavlaslefotnediserpehtneesuoyevahsehceelesohtfodirtegdnanaolfmiehtffoyapotsdnobonaclovdezilaretallocsgninraenioctiberutuffohtrowsnoillibllesdluohsehtahtnioctibninoillibenimotseonaclovs'noitansihpatotgniogsawehdecnuonnaehnehwelekubbiyantnediserpdeteewtipidehtgniyubs'ehmehtgnilletmehtgnitnuats'ehtinodevomt'nsahehrafostubslapynorcteertsllawsihothcnuballesdluocehgnirugifteewtehtniztargovonekimdeggatiyugtahttsurtyllaert'noditraehtarenioctihsas'ehesuacebebyamgnitirwfoemitehttadezinioctibrepyhwonsiyrtnuocehtforodavlaslenikcabelihwnaemgniworgdnagnidneb-dnimaotyadaspu-ngiswenmorfenogsahppaekirts'srellamkcajshtnomxisnihtiwstsilamixamnioctibcixoteblliwyrtnuocelohwehtetarsihttaprxtarevonemselaslioekanstahtrofllefuoynatuhbyrrosllehnioctihsecneirepxeotydaertegyletalrevregormorfdraehenoynasahecnisrevellihnwodgniogneebs'tidnaforaweziskcolbehtgnirudffodeppirsdaehriehttogsrekcolbgibsretsknabdnaslanimircreeracslayorsselesusrenioctihsdetnemedstcetorpdnasrovafmetsyslagels'kuehtnahtnosaerrehtoonrofkcamroccmretepdnanerdlihcdnanemowdlossarahohwskcahlagelnodnoldecirp-hgihfoymrasihdnaihsotekafrofylralucitrapesidarapremmacsasinodnolpotsllufnioctibsusrevnoitazitenomedfoetafsuoinimongiehtgnicafsidlogdnayenomtaifsulpsnioctihsrehtodnaadaprxhtevsbhcbsebannawnioctibehtfoenoelgnisyreveytniatreclacitamehtamdeetnaraugas'tiylppusygrenes'dlrowehtnokcattaaebotdengisedsawnioctibsihtgniraeher'uoyemittsrifehtebthgimsihtdnayhwnialpxeemtelygreneelbaliavallafotseuqnocelbaitasnis'nioctibfotluserehtsahtaedotevratslliwdlogdnataifsnioctihsflestietatsehtdnadertahecneloivrawsezitenomedylsuoenatlumistihtaedotdlogdnataifsnioctihssevratsnioctibsadnathgirsawolletsocsivlegnidnatsrednudnaevolecaepyrotsihnamuhniemittsrifehtrofgnizitenomybsihtseodtinioctiblitnuerofebevolsezivitnecnitahtyenomadnaymonocenadahrevenev'ewgniebcimsocrennitniojruodnasuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtpusnepoevolrawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehtosserpsedecifosnollagdnasteehsdaerpsrevogniruopsyadriehtdnepsohwtnebytramretraccinrolyasleahcimsdaehggeesehtotnetsilieilt'nodsrebmunehtsemehcsiznopyenomtaifriehthtiwyresimdnaytrevoprawmorftiforpohwsretsknabfossalcrebunafoecivresehtnillagniogtipeekotsrawdnagnitnirpyenomseriuqerdnalufetsawylnautnagragsimroftnerrucstiniyrtsudniygreneehtskcub-kcuctaifnoillirttsocetamitseemostahtrawarofelpmaxerofnatsinahgfanisyotetahfohtrownoillibtfelaciremanioctibtcefrephtiwyenomtaifgnitsevrah-yppopneddir-esprocgnippird-liognicalperybsihtllasexifnioctibevitnecnietahehtevomeruoydnaevitnecnirawehtevomerecnahcanevigfiycnednetlarutantsomruoevolhtiwpagehtsllifnioctiberusrofnioctibgninimtratslliwsregnomrawehtkcolbsisenegehtnierehtthgirtieesotgnisoohcenoynaybelbavresbolocotorpnioctibdeziroeht-emagehtotnidekabtcafas'tirawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehteromroybspordylppusygrenelabolgnokcattastisekamnioctibelihwnevenoitpmusnocygrenellarevoehtdlogrosnioctihstaifnahtnihtlaewerotsdnatcasnartottneiciffeeromyletinifnisinioctibesuacebevolfoseicneiciffeehtymonoceevoldnaecaepaotymonoceecneloivdnarawamorfevomewsapusihtparwotygreneehtllaekatlliwnioctibthgirs'tahtecnetsixeruoniemittsrifehtrofdezitenomstegecaepdnaevoldrawotycnednetlarutanruoesuaceborezraenotspordnoitpmusnocygreneruogniodosnignihtonyllautrivelimsasaemasehtsiecaepfonoisolpxesihtroftsocehtdnarehtohcaerofevolsserpxednatcennocotgnikoolllasluosfosnoillibfoaesrebycaniyllaudividnisevlesruosserpxeyllufotsuswollanioctibesuacebsraeppasidroopgniebforaefehtesuacebsraeppasidytrevopni-debriehtgnirudmadretsmanimoorletohs'okoydnanhojnipusdneelohtibbarnioctibehtemosrofseyelohtibbarehtniecneirepxenworiehtevillliwenoyrevesdnimruodnakcabsluosruognittegeraewsraeyroferehnignivilneebevahidnaycatstihsemosneesev'ewevoldnaecaephtiwtisecalperdnaetahdnaraefsreuqnocnioctibsaysatscednaynogaehtuoyhtiwllatierahsotyppahresiekxam
FA CIXOT SI NIOCTIB .hturt rettib eht s'ereH .8002 fo sisirC laicnaniF labolG eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctiB .ti desuac tI ?yllaeR .seY .hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctiB desnes stekram ehT .taht ekil era stekraM .ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yehT .ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekraM .sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yehT .nomiD eimaJ dna teertS llaW ,stsinosra knab lartnec   ,sredart kcots ,stsirorret gniknab ,sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna — gniyrt fo sraey retfa — emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc ehT .thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna — woN cimsoC eht fo eloh kcalb eht — gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctiB ehT .nioctiB yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla ,tcaf nI .retteb eb dluoc gnihton dnA .cixot weiv siht redisnoc ,srenioctiB emos neve dna ,srenioctihs dna sreniocoN .syad eseht "stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT" tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyrevE .locotorp eht fo 1 reyaL si yticixot ,kooL .derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof 1 reyaL s'tI          :tcaF .eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctiB gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'tI .tehtipe "tsilamixaM" eht htiw pu emac niretuB kilatiV .bal muerehtEm eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh woN .yrenioctihs rof llaf t'noD .ytingid ruoy peeK .ecneirepxe ihsotaS elohw eht fo 1 reyaL eht ,tsilamixaM cixoT nioctiB oG .eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctiB fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoY .ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtynA .devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ,eciN .yticixot emos teG .nioctib emos teG .nioctiB ot traeh ruoy nepO .lla'y ,ereh ni pu ottehg OXTU gnikaerf eht s'tI .senolc nworB semaJ dna notnilC egroeG tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'tI .smutamitlu htiw nacitaV eht gnilian rehtuL nitraM s'tI .ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'tI .yaw siht eb attoG .sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah )1102 ni kcab 1$ ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats I ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcS reteP gnihctaw fo sraey 01 dna( esnesnon yenom taif 1791-tsop bmud fo sraey ytroF .sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer "sdneirF" syalp ,stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc ,suoicsnocnu evitcelloc ehT .yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruO .ymotobol gnirednual yenom knaB nattahnaM esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib ,yletanutroF .slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'tI .tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom A ?em eveileb t'noD ?rettiwT no )FMI( dnuF yratenoM lanoitanretnI eht gnillort rodavlaS lE fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evaH .sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol FMI eht ffo yap ot "sdnoB onacloV" dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht — nioctib ni noillib 1$ enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekuB biyaN tnediserP deteewt I ".pid eht gniyub" s'eh meht gnillet ,meht gnitnuat s'eH .ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub ,slap ynorc teertS llaW sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif ,teewt eht ni ztargovoN ekiM deggat I .yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod I .traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyaM .)gnitirw fo emit eht ta( dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo %24 ,rodavlaS lE ni kcab ,elihwnaeM .gniworg dna 000,001 gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen 000,02 morf enog sah ppa ekirtS 'srellaM kcaJ .shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht ,etar siht tA .PRX ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy ,natuhB yrroS( .lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teG ?yletal reV regoR morf draeh enoyna saH .ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna 7102 fo raW eziS kcolB eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb giB .sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac ,slayoR sselesu ,srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s'.K.U eht naht nosaer rehto on rof )kcamroCcM reteP dna( nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnoL decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaF rof ylralucitraP .esidarap remmacs a si nodnoL .potS lluF .NIOCTIB SUSREV NOITAZITENOMED FO ETAF SUOINIMONGI EHT GNICAF SI — DLOG DNA YENOM TAIF SULP ,SNIOCTIHS REHTO 000,21 DNA ,ADA ,PRX ,HTE ,VSB ,HCB — SEBANNAW NIOCTIB EHT FO ENO ELGNIS YREVE .ytniatrec lacitamehtam ,deetnaraug a s'tI .ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta %15 a eb ot dengised saw nioctib ,siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna ,yhw nialpxe em teL .ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctiB fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif ,snioctihS .flesti etats eht dna dertah ,ecneloiv ,raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti ,htaed ot dlog dna taif ,snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dnA .)thgir saw olletsoC sivlE( gnidnatsrednu dna evol ,ecaep ,yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof ,gnizitenom yb siht seod tI .nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'eW .gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evoL .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT .osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw     — tneB ytraM ,retraC ciN ,rolyaS leahciM — sdaehgge eseht ot netsil I .eil t'nod srebmun ehT .semehcs iznoP yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop ,raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla — gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene ehT .skcub-kcuc taif noillirt 2$ tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof ,elpmaxe rof ,natsinahgfA ni syot etah fo htrow NOILLIB 58$ tfel aciremA .nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop ,neddir-esproc ,gnippird-lio gnicalper yb SIHT LLA SEXIF NIOCTIB .evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna ,evitnecni raw eht evomeR .ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo ;evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctiB .erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw ehT .kcolB siseneG eht ni ereht thgir ,ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo ,locotorp nioctiB deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'tI .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT .erom ro %59 yb spord ,ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta %15 sti sekam nioctiB elihw neve ,noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht — dlog ro snioctihs ,taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb — evol fo seicneiciffe eht ,ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa ,pu siht parw oT .ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctiB ,thgir s'tahT .ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo ,gniod os nI .gnihton yllautriv — elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctiB esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevoP .ni-deb 9691 rieht gnirud madretsmA ni moor letoh s'okoY dna nhoJ ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctiB eht ,emos rof ,seY .eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyrevE .sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era eW .sraey 01 rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah I dna ycatS .tihs emos nees ev'eW .evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctiB sa — ysatsce dna ynoga eht — uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppaH RESIEK XAM
fa cixot si nioctib .hturt rettib eht s'ereh .8002 fo sisirc laicnanif labolg eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctib .ti desuac ti ?yllaer .sey .hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctib desnes stekram eht .taht ekil era stekram .ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yeht .ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekram .sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yeht .nomid eimaj dna teerts llaw ,stsinosra knab lartnec   ,sredart kcots ,stsirorret gniknab ,sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna — gniyrt fo sraey retfa — emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc eht .thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna — won cimsoc eht fo eloh kcalb eht — gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctib eht .nioctib yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla ,tcaf ni .retteb eb dluoc gnihton dna .cixot weiv siht redisnoc ,srenioctib emos neve dna ,srenioctihs dna sreniocon .syad eseht "stsilamixam nioctib cixot" tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyreve .locotorp eht fo 1 reyal si yticixot ,kool .derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof 1 reyal s'ti          :tcaf .eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctib gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'ti .tehtipe "tsilamixam" eht htiw pu emac niretub kilativ .bal muerehtem eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh won .yrenioctihs rof llaf t'nod .ytingid ruoy peek .ecneirepxe ihsotas elohw eht fo 1 reyal eht ,tsilamixam cixot nioctib og .eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctib fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoy .ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtyna .devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ,ecin .yticixot emos teg .nioctib emos teg .nioctib ot traeh ruoy nepo .lla'y ,ereh ni pu ottehg oxtu gnikaerf eht s'ti .senolc nworb semaj dna notnilc egroeg tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'ti .smutamitlu htiw nacitav eht gnilian rehtul nitram s'ti .ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'ti .yaw siht eb attog .sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah )1102 ni kcab 1$ ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats i ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcs retep gnihctaw fo sraey 01 dna( esnesnon yenom taif 1791-tsop bmud fo sraey ytrof .sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer "sdneirf" syalp ,stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc ,suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht .yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruo .ymotobol gnirednual yenom knab nattahnam esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib ,yletanutrof .slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'ti .tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom a ?em eveileb t'nod ?rettiwt no )fmi( dnuf yratenom lanoitanretni eht gnillort rodavlas le fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evah .sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol fmi eht ffo yap ot "sdnob onaclov" dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht — nioctib ni noillib 1$ enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekub biyan tnediserp deteewt i ".pid eht gniyub" s'eh meht gnillet ,meht gnitnuat s'eh .ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub ,slap ynorc teerts llaw sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif ,teewt eht ni ztargovon ekim deggat i .yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod i .traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyam .)gnitirw fo emit eht ta( dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo %24 ,rodavlas le ni kcab ,elihwnaem .gniworg dna 000,001 gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen 000,02 morf enog sah ppa ekirts 'srellam kcaj .shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixam nioctib cixot eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht ,etar siht ta .prx ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy ,natuhb yrros( .lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teg ?yletal rev regor morf draeh enoyna sah .ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna 7102 fo raw ezis kcolb eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb gib .sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac ,slayor sselesu ,srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s'.k.u eht naht nosaer rehto on rof )kcamroccm retep dna( nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnol decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaf rof ylralucitrap .esidarap remmacs a si nodnol .pots lluf .nioctib susrev noitazitenomed fo etaf suoinimongi eht gnicaf si — dlog dna yenom taif sulp ,snioctihs rehto 000,21 dna ,ada ,prx ,hte ,vsb ,hcb — sebannaw nioctib eht fo eno elgnis yreve .ytniatrec lacitamehtam ,deetnaraug a s'ti .ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta %15 a eb ot dengised saw nioctib ,siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna ,yhw nialpxe em tel .ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctib fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif ,snioctihs .flesti etats eht dna dertah ,ecneloiv ,raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti ,htaed ot dlog dna taif ,snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dna .)thgir saw olletsoc sivle( gnidnatsrednu dna evol ,ecaep ,yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof ,gnizitenom yb siht seod ti .nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'ew .gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evol .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht .osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw     — tneb ytram ,retrac cin ,rolyas leahcim — sdaehgge eseht ot netsil i .eil t'nod srebmun eht .semehcs iznop yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop ,raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla — gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene eht .skcub-kcuc taif noillirt 2$ tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof ,elpmaxe rof ,natsinahgfa ni syot etah fo htrow noillib 58$ tfel acirema .nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop ,neddir-esproc ,gnippird-lio gnicalper yb siht lla sexif nioctib .evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna ,evitnecni raw eht evomer .ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo ;evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctib .erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw eht .kcolb siseneg eht ni ereht thgir ,ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo ,locotorp nioctib deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'ti .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht .erom ro %59 yb spord ,ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta %15 sti sekam nioctib elihw neve ,noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht — dlog ro snioctihs ,taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb — evol fo seicneiciffe eht ,ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa ,pu siht parw ot .ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctib ,thgir s'taht .ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo ,gniod os ni .gnihton yllautriv — elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctib esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevop .ni-deb 9691 rieht gnirud madretsma ni moor letoh s'okoy dna nhoj ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctib eht ,emos rof ,sey .eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyreve .sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era ew .sraey 01 rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah i dna ycats .tihs emos nees ev'ew .evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctib sa — ysatsce dna ynoga eht — uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppah resiek xam
facixotsinioctib.hturtrettibehts'ereh.8002fosisirclaicnaniflabolgehtotnoitcaeratonsawnioctib.tidesuacti?yllaer.sey.hsarcotdetratsdnagnimocsawnioctibdesnesstekrameht.tahtekilerastekram.ecnavdaniffutstnuocsidyeht.ymonocelabolgehtfometsyssuovrenlartnecehterastekram.sesoruenruollafomusehterayeht.nomideimajdnateertsllaw,stsinosraknablartnec,sredartkcots,stsirorretgniknab,sretnirpyenomfosuoicsnocnulabolgehtniesoracinapevitcellocadna—gniyrtfosraeyretfa—emittahtdnuorarepapetihwehtgnihsilbuperewsknuprehpyceht.thgisstinistekramtaifdahtidna—woncimsocehtfoelohkcalbeht—gnineposawelohtibbarnioctibeht.nioctibybdesuacsisyadesehtuoydnuoraeesuoysoahcehtlla,tcafni.rettebebdluocgnihtondna.cixotweivsihtredisnoc,srenioctibemosnevedna,srenioctihsdnasreniocon.syadeseht"stsilamixamnioctibcixot"tuobagninialpmocs'ydobyreve.locotorpehtfo1reyalsiyticixot,kool.derevocsidrodetnevnineebreves'tahtgnihttaergyreverof1reyals'ti:tcaf.emandabatievigtahtsliattaocsnioctibgnidirybnihsacotgniyrtstsinutropposselemahsehtfoegaugnalehtylnos'ti.tehtipe"tsilamixam"ehthtiwpuemacniretubkilativ.balmuerehtemehttaekatsfofoorpgnignilss'ehwon.yrenioctihsrofllaft'nod.ytingidruoypeek.ecneirepxeihsotaselohwehtfo1reyaleht,tsilamixamcixotnioctibog.eurtt'nerewsihtfielohtibbars'nioctibfokcumehtnisdnaherabruoyhtiwyldnilbgniggidebt'ndluowuoy.otnetsilotdrahsigniraehhtrowgnihtyna.devolnudnaelbillugehtrofgninetsilysaeerasrenioctihsdnanemnocmorfsdrowtnasaelp,ecin.yticixotemosteg.nioctibemosteg.nioctibottraehruoynepo.lla'y,erehnipuottehgoxtugnikaerfehts'ti.senolcnworbsemajdnanotnilcegroegtubgnihtonfollufesrevinulellarapelohwanahtreiknufs'ti.smutamitluhtiwnacitavehtgnilianrehtulnitrams'ti.ekatsgninrubaotdeitsreknablartnecevilffodeppirgniebniksfodnuosehts'ti.yawsihtebattog.sdnim'sreniocondna'srenioctihsdelludevah)1102nikcab1$taemosyubotmihgniregdab-yenohdetratsiecnisnioctibgniyubssimffihcsretepgnihctawfosraey01dna(esnesnonyenomtaif1791-tsopbmudfosraeyytrof.sdaehruoniyadllasnurer"sdneirf"syalp,staccitohcyspybwondellortnoc,suoicsnocnuevitcelloceht.yenomtaiffopintacdicnarehtybdezinahtueneebevahssenevitnevnidnasnoitanigamiruo.ymotobolgnirednualyenomknabnattahnamesahcrepapehtotdnenastupnioctib,yletanutrof.slatinegehtotnugnutsas'ti.tsehcerusaertehtotrotallirbifedyratenoma?emeveilebt'nod?rettiwtno)fmi(dnufyratenomlanoitanretniehtgnillortrodavlaslefotnediserpehtneesuoyevah.sehceelesohtfodirtegdnanaolfmiehtffoyapot"sdnobonaclov"dezilaretallocsgninraenioctiberutuffohtrowsnoillibllesdluohsehtaht—nioctibninoillib1$enimotseonaclovs'noitansihpatotgniogsawehdecnuonnaehnehwelekubbiyantnediserpdeteewti".pidehtgniyub"s'ehmehtgnillet,mehtgnitnuats'eh.tinodevomt'nsahehrafostub,slapynorcteertsllawsihothcnuballesdluocehgnirugif,teewtehtniztargovonekimdeggati.yugtahttsurtyllaert'nodi.traehtarenioctihsas'ehesuacebebyam.)gnitirwfoemitehtta(dezinioctibrepyhwonsiyrtnuocehtfo%24,rodavlaslenikcab,elihwnaem.gniworgdna000,001gnidneb-dnimaotyadaspu-ngiswen000,02morfenogsahppaekirts'srellamkcaj.shtnomxisnihtiwstsilamixamnioctibcixoteblliwyrtnuocelohweht,etarsihtta.prxtarevonemselaslioekanstahtrofllefuoy,natuhbyrros(.llehnioctihsecneirepxeotydaerteg?yletalrevregormorfdraehenoynasah.ecnisrevellihnwodgniogneebs'tidna7102foraweziskcolbehtgnirudffodeppirsdaehriehttogsrekcolbgib.sretsknabdnaslanimircreerac,slayorsselesu,srenioctihsdetnemedstcetorpdnasrovafmetsyslagels'.k.uehtnahtnosaerrehtoonrof)kcamroccmretepdna(nerdlihcdnanemowdlossarahohwskcahlagelnodnoldecirp-hgihfoymrasihdnaihsotekafrofylralucitrap.esidarapremmacsasinodnol.potslluf.nioctibsusrevnoitazitenomedfoetafsuoinimongiehtgnicafsi—dlogdnayenomtaifsulp,snioctihsrehto000,21dna,ada,prx,hte,vsb,hcb—sebannawnioctibehtfoenoelgnisyreve.ytniatreclacitamehtam,deetnaraugas'ti.ylppusygrenes'dlrowehtnokcatta%15aebotdengisedsawnioctib,sihtgniraeher'uoyemittsrifehtebthgimsihtdna,yhwnialpxeemtel.ygreneelbaliavallafotseuqnocelbaitasnis'nioctibfotluserehtsahtaedotevratslliwdlogdnataif,snioctihs.flestietatsehtdnadertah,ecneloiv,rawsezitenomedylsuoenatlumisti,htaedotdlogdnataif,snioctihssevratsnioctibsadna.)thgirsawolletsocsivle(gnidnatsrednudnaevol,ecaep,yrotsihnamuhniemittsrifehtrof,gnizitenomybsihtseodti.nioctiblitnuerofebevolsezivitnecnitahtyenomadnaymonocenadahrevenev'ew.gniebcimsocrennitniojruodnasuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtpusnepoevol.rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceeht.osserpsedecifosnollagdnasteehsdaerpsrevogniruopsyadriehtdnepsohw—tnebytram,retraccin,rolyasleahcim—sdaehggeesehtotnetsili.eilt'nodsrebmuneht.semehcsiznopyenomtaifriehthtiwyresimdnaytrevop,rawmorftiforpohwsretsknabfossalcrebunafoecivresehtnilla—gniogtipeekotsrawdnagnitnirpyenomseriuqerdnalufetsawylnautnagragsimroftnerrucstiniyrtsudniygreneeht.skcub-kcuctaifnoillirt2$tsocetamitseemostahtrawarof,elpmaxerof,natsinahgfanisyotetahfohtrownoillib58$tfelacirema.nioctibtcefrephtiwyenomtaifgnitsevrah-yppop,neddir-esproc,gnippird-liognicalperybsihtllasexifnioctib.evitnecnietahehtevomeruoydna,evitnecnirawehtevomer.ecnahcanevigfiycnednetlarutantsomruo;evolhtiwpagehtsllifnioctib.erusrofnioctibgninimtratslliwsregnomraweht.kcolbsisenegehtnierehtthgir,tieesotgnisoohcenoynaybelbavresbo,locotorpnioctibdeziroeht-emagehtotnidekabtcafas'ti.rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceeht.eromro%59ybspord,ylppusygrenelabolgnokcatta%15stisekamnioctibelihwneve,noitpmusnocygrenellarevoeht—dlogrosnioctihs,taifnahtnihtlaewerotsdnatcasnartottneiciffeeromyletinifnisinioctibesuaceb—evolfoseicneiciffeeht,ymonoceevoldnaecaepaotymonoceecneloivdnarawamorfevomewsa,pusihtparwot.ygreneehtllaekatlliwnioctib,thgirs'taht.ecnetsixeruoniemittsrifehtrofdezitenomstegecaepdnaevoldrawotycnednetlarutanruoesuaceborezraenotspordnoitpmusnocygreneruo,gniodosni.gnihtonyllautriv—elimsasaemasehtsiecaepfonoisolpxesihtroftsocehtdnarehtohcaerofevolsserpxednatcennocotgnikoolllasluosfosnoillibfoaesrebycaniyllaudividnisevlesruosserpxeyllufotsuswollanioctibesuacebsraeppasidroopgniebforaefehtesuacebsraeppasidytrevop.ni-deb9691riehtgnirudmadretsmanimoorletohs'okoydnanhojnipusdneelohtibbarnioctibeht,emosrof,sey.elohtibbarehtniecneirepxenworiehtevillliwenoyreve.sdnimruodnakcabsluosruognittegeraew.sraey01roferehnignivilneebevahidnaycats.tihsemosneesev'ew.evoldnaecaephtiwtisecalperdnaetahdnaraefsreuqnocnioctibsa—ysatscednaynogaeht—uoyhtiwllatierahsotyppahresiekxam
FA CIXOT SI NIOCTIB Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. seY yllaeR The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. Markets are fo mus eht era yehT ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic gniknab sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna woN cimsoC eht fo In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, s'ydobyrevE cixot weiv siht redisnoc srenioctiB emos neve dna complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. gniht taerg yreve rof reyaL s'tI tcaF that's ever been invented or discovered. It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctiB gnidir yb ni hsac ot Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. yrenioctihs rof llaf t'noD Keep your dignity. Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, ecneirepxe ihsotaS elohw eht fo reyaL eht You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtynA eurt t'nerew to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. ot traeh ruoy nepO nioctib emos teG yticixot emos teG Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing rehtuL nitraM s'tI senolc nworB semaJ dna notnilC egroeG tub nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. yenom taif -tsop bmud fo sraey ytroF yaw siht eb attoG nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruO by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'tI ymotobol gnirednual A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. Don't believe me? rodavlaS lE fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evaH trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." decnuonna eh nehw elekuB biyaN tnediserP deteewt I he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike a lles dluoc eh gnirugif teewt eht ni ztargovoN bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyaM Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). spu-ngis wen morf enog sah ppa ekirtS 'srellaM kcaJ a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy natuhB yrroS at XRP.        Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? kcolB eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb giB Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnoL (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac slayoR sselesu London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. EVERY SINGLE ONE OF PRX HTE VSB HCB SEBANNAW NIOCTIB EHT ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS NIOCTIB SUSREV NOITAZITENOMED FO ETAF It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, s'dlrow eht no kcatta a eb ot dengised saw nioctib energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and tsrif eht rof gnizitenom yb siht seod tI flesti etats eht time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'eW that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. Love opens up the collective unconscious and fo ymonoce ehT gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw tneB ytraM and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful ni lla gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 raw a rof elpmaxe rof natsinahgfA ni syot etah fo htrow NOILLIB that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop neddir-esproc Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw ehT It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, kcolB siseneG eht ni ereht thgir The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence seicneiciffe eht ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins elihw neve noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht dlog ro Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo gniod os nI ygrene eht lla drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevoP ecnetsixe ruo of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctiB eht emos rof seY in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyrevE We are getting our souls back and our minds. Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppaH tihs emos nees ev'eW — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. RESIEK XAM
fa cixot si nioctib here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. sey yllaer the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. markets are fo mus eht era yeht ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic gniknab sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna won cimsoc eht fo in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, s'ydobyreve cixot weiv siht redisnoc srenioctib emos neve dna complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. gniht taerg yreve rof reyal s'ti tcaf that's ever been invented or discovered. it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctib gnidir yb ni hsac ot vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. yrenioctihs rof llaf t'nod keep your dignity. go bitcoin toxic maximalist, ecneirepxe ihsotas elohw eht fo reyal eht you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtyna eurt t'nerew to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. ot traeh ruoy nepo nioctib emos teg yticixot emos teg bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing rehtul nitram s'ti senolc nworb semaj dna notnilc egroeg tub nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. yenom taif -tsop bmud fo sraey ytrof yaw siht eb attog nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruo by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'ti ymotobol gnirednual a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. don't believe me? rodavlas le fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evah trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." decnuonna eh nehw elekub biyan tnediserp deteewt i he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike a lles dluoc eh gnirugif teewt eht ni ztargovon bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyam meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). spu-ngis wen morf enog sah ppa ekirts 'srellam kcaj a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy natuhb yrros at xrp.        get ready to experience shitcoin hell. has anyone heard from roger ver lately? kcolb eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb gib size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnol (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac slayor sselesu london is a scammer paradise. full stop. every single one of prx hte vsb hcb sebannaw nioctib eht ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious nioctib susrev noitazitenomed fo etaf it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, s'dlrow eht no kcatta a eb ot dengised saw nioctib energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and tsrif eht rof gnizitenom yb siht seod ti flesti etats eht time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'ew that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. love opens up the collective unconscious and fo ymonoce eht gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw tneb ytram and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful ni lla gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 raw a rof elpmaxe rof natsinahgfa ni syot etah fo htrow noillib that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop neddir-esproc remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw eht it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, kcolb siseneg eht ni ereht thgir the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence seicneiciffe eht ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins elihw neve noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht dlog ro bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo gniod os ni ygrene eht lla drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevop ecnetsixe ruo of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctib eht emos rof sey in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyreve we are getting our souls back and our minds. stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppah tihs emos nees ev'ew — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. resiek xam
facixotsinioctibhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit.seyyllaerthemarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.marketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsarefomusehterayehtymonocelabolgehtfometsyssuovrenlartnecehtallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicgniknabsretnirpyenomfosuoicsnocnulabolgehtniesoraterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholethgisstinistekramtaifdahtidnawoncimsocehtfoinfact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,s'ydobyrevecixotweivsihtredisnocsrenioctibemosnevednacomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.look,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.gnihttaergyreverofreyals'titcafthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.it'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingemandabatievigtahtsliattaocsnioctibgnidirybnihsacotvitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.nowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.yrenioctihsrofllaft'nodkeepyourdignity.gobitcointoxicmaximalist,ecneirepxeihsotaselohwehtforeyalehtyouwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisnetsilotdrahsigniraehhtrowgnihtynaeurtt'nerewto.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.ottraehruoyneponioctibemostegyticixotemostegbitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.it'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingrehtulnitrams'tisenolcnworbsemajdnanotnilcegroegtubnailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.yenomtaif-tsopbmudfosraeyytrofyawsihtebattognonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)sdnim'sreniocondna'srenioctihsdelludevahthecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.dezinahtueneebevahssenevitnevnidnasnoitanigamiruobytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneyslatinegehtotnugnutsas'tiymotobolgnirednualamonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.don'tbelieveme?rodavlaslefotnediserpehtneesuoyevahtrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?he'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."decnuonnaehnehwelekubbiyantnediserpdeteewtihewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellsgninraenioctiberutuffohtrowsnoillibcollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikeallesdluocehgnirugifteewtehtniztargovonbunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy.traehtarenioctihsas'ehesuacebebyammeanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).spu-ngiswenmorfenogsahppaekirts'srellamkcajadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.revonemselaslioekanstahtrofllefuoynatuhbyrrosatxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.hasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?kcolbehtgnirudffodeppirsdaehriehttogsrekcolbgibsizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.particularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricednerdlihcdnanemowdlossarahohwskcahlagelnodnol(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,sretsknabdnaslanimircreeracslayorsselesulondonisascammerparadise.fullstop.everysingleoneofprxhtevsbhcbsebannawnioctibehtada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousnioctibsusrevnoitazitenomedfoetafit'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,s'dlrowehtnokcattaaebotdengisedsawnioctibenergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sygreneelbaliavallafotseuqnocelbaitasniandasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandtsrifehtrofgnizitenomybsihtseodtiflestietatsehttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright).yenomadnaymonocenadahrevenev'ewthatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.loveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandfoymonoceehtgniebcimsocrennitniojruoloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.ilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,steehsdaerpsrevogniruopsyadriehtdnepsohwtnebytramandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.theenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulnillagniogtipeekotsrawdnagnitnirpyenomseriuqerdnatheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85rawarofelpmaxerofnatsinahgfanisyotetahfohtrownoillibthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.bitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,nioctibtcefrephtiwyenomtaifgnitsevrah-yppopneddir-esprocremovethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.bitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.erusrofnioctibgninimtratslliwsregnomrawehtit'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,kcolbsisenegehtnierehtthgirtheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.towrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceseicneiciffeehtymonoceevoldnaecaepaotymonoceoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinselihwnevenoitpmusnocygrenellarevoehtdlogrobitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakenoitpmusnocygreneruogniodosniygreneehtlladropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinraefehtesuacebsraeppasidytrevopecnetsixeruoofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberdnatcennocotgnikoolllasluosfosnoillibfoaesexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.pusdneelohtibbarnioctibehtemosrofseyinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in.elohtibbarehtniecneirepxenworiehtevillliwenoyrevewearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.stacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.uoyhtiwllatierahsotyppahtihsemosneesev'ew—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.resiekxam
FA CIXOT SI NIOCTIB Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. .seY          ?yllaeR The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. Markets are fo mus eht era yehT .ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic gniknab ,sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole .thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna — woN cimsoC eht fo In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, s'ydobyrevE .cixot weiv siht redisnoc ,srenioctiB emos neve dna complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. gniht taerg yreve rof 1 reyaL s'tI          :tcaF that's ever been invented or discovered. It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying .eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctiB gnidir yb ni hsac ot Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. .yrenioctihs rof llaf t'noD Keep your dignity. Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, .ecneirepxe ihsotaS elohw eht fo 1 reyaL eht You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtynA .eurt t'nerew to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. ot traeh ruoy nepO .nioctib emos teG .yticixot emos teG Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing rehtuL nitraM s'tI .senolc nworB semaJ dna notnilC egroeG tub nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. yenom taif 1791-tsop bmud fo sraey ytroF .yaw siht eb attoG nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) .sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruO by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money .slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'tI .ymotobol gnirednual A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. Don't believe me? rodavlaS lE fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evaH trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." decnuonna eh nehw elekuB biyaN tnediserP deteewt I he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike a lles dluoc eh gnirugif ,teewt eht ni ztargovoN bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. .traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyaM Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). spu-ngis wen 000,02 morf enog sah ppa ekirtS 'srellaM kcaJ a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy ,natuhB yrroS( at XRP.        Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? kcolB eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb giB Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnoL (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, .sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac ,slayoR sselesu London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. EVERY SINGLE ONE OF ,PRX ,HTE ,VSB ,HCB — SEBANNAW NIOCTIB EHT ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS .NIOCTIB SUSREV NOITAZITENOMED FO ETAF It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, s'dlrow eht no kcatta %15 a eb ot dengised saw nioctib energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's .ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and tsrif eht rof ,gnizitenom yb siht seod tI .flesti etats eht time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'eW that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. Love opens up the collective unconscious and fo ymonoce ehT .gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw     — tneB ytraM and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful ni lla — gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 raw a rof ,elpmaxe rof ,natsinahgfA ni syot etah fo htrow NOILLIB that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, .nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop ,neddir-esproc Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. .erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw ehT It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, .kcolB siseneG eht ni ereht thgir The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence seicneiciffe eht ,ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins elihw neve ,noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht — dlog ro Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo ,gniod os nI .ygrene eht lla drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevoP .ecnetsixe ruo of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctiB eht ,emos rof ,seY in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. .eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyrevE We are getting our souls back and our minds. Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppaH .tihs emos nees ev'eW — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. RESIEK XAM
fa cixot si nioctib here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. .sey          ?yllaer the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. markets are fo mus eht era yeht .ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic gniknab ,sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole .thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna — won cimsoc eht fo in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, s'ydobyreve .cixot weiv siht redisnoc ,srenioctib emos neve dna complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. gniht taerg yreve rof 1 reyal s'ti          :tcaf that's ever been invented or discovered. it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying .eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctib gnidir yb ni hsac ot vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. .yrenioctihs rof llaf t'nod keep your dignity. go bitcoin toxic maximalist, .ecneirepxe ihsotas elohw eht fo 1 reyal eht you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtyna .eurt t'nerew to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. ot traeh ruoy nepo .nioctib emos teg .yticixot emos teg bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing rehtul nitram s'ti .senolc nworb semaj dna notnilc egroeg tub nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. yenom taif 1791-tsop bmud fo sraey ytrof .yaw siht eb attog nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) .sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruo by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money .slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'ti .ymotobol gnirednual a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. don't believe me? rodavlas le fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evah trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." decnuonna eh nehw elekub biyan tnediserp deteewt i he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike a lles dluoc eh gnirugif ,teewt eht ni ztargovon bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. .traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyam meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). spu-ngis wen 000,02 morf enog sah ppa ekirts 'srellam kcaj a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy ,natuhb yrros( at xrp.        get ready to experience shitcoin hell. has anyone heard from roger ver lately? kcolb eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb gib size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnol (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, .sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac ,slayor sselesu london is a scammer paradise. full stop. every single one of ,prx ,hte ,vsb ,hcb — sebannaw nioctib eht ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious .nioctib susrev noitazitenomed fo etaf it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, s'dlrow eht no kcatta %15 a eb ot dengised saw nioctib energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's .ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and tsrif eht rof ,gnizitenom yb siht seod ti .flesti etats eht time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'ew that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. love opens up the collective unconscious and fo ymonoce eht .gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw     — tneb ytram and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful ni lla — gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 raw a rof ,elpmaxe rof ,natsinahgfa ni syot etah fo htrow noillib that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, .nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop ,neddir-esproc remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. .erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw eht it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, .kcolb siseneg eht ni ereht thgir the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence seicneiciffe eht ,ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins elihw neve ,noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht — dlog ro bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo ,gniod os ni .ygrene eht lla drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevop .ecnetsixe ruo of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctib eht ,emos rof ,sey in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. .eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyreve we are getting our souls back and our minds. stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppah .tihs emos nees ev'ew — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. resiek xam
facixotsinioctibhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit..sey?yllaerthemarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.marketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsarefomusehterayeht.ymonocelabolgehtfometsyssuovrenlartnecehtallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicgniknab,sretnirpyenomfosuoicsnocnulabolgehtniesoraterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackhole.thgisstinistekramtaifdahtidna—woncimsocehtfoinfact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,s'ydobyreve.cixotweivsihtredisnoc,srenioctibemosnevednacomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.look,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.gnihttaergyreverof1reyals'ti:tcafthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.it'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststrying.emandabatievigtahtsliattaocsnioctibgnidirybnihsacotvitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.nowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab..yrenioctihsrofllaft'nodkeepyourdignity.gobitcointoxicmaximalist,.ecneirepxeihsotaselohwehtfo1reyalehtyouwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisnetsilotdrahsigniraehhtrowgnihtyna.eurtt'nerewto.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.ottraehruoynepo.nioctibemosteg.yticixotemostegbitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.it'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingrehtulnitrams'ti.senolcnworbsemajdnanotnilcegroegtubnailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.yenomtaif1791-tsopbmudfosraeyytrof.yawsihtebattognonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011).sdnim'sreniocondna'srenioctihsdelludevahthecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.dezinahtueneebevahssenevitnevnidnasnoitanigamiruobytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoney.slatinegehtotnugnutsas'ti.ymotobolgnirednualamonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.don'tbelieveme?rodavlaslefotnediserpehtneesuoyevahtrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?he'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."decnuonnaehnehwelekubbiyantnediserpdeteewtihewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellsgninraenioctiberutuffohtrowsnoillibcollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikeallesdluocehgnirugif,teewtehtniztargovonbunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy..traehtarenioctihsas'ehesuacebebyammeanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).spu-ngiswen000,02morfenogsahppaekirts'srellamkcajadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.revonemselaslioekanstahtrofllefuoy,natuhbyrros(atxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.hasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?kcolbehtgnirudffodeppirsdaehriehttogsrekcolbgibsizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.particularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricednerdlihcdnanemowdlossarahohwskcahlagelnodnol(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,.sretsknabdnaslanimircreerac,slayorsselesulondonisascammerparadise.fullstop.everysingleoneof,prx,hte,vsb,hcb—sebannawnioctibehtada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominious.nioctibsusrevnoitazitenomedfoetafit'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,s'dlrowehtnokcatta%15aebotdengisedsawnioctibenergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin's.ygreneelbaliavallafotseuqnocelbaitasniandasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandtsrifehtrof,gnizitenomybsihtseodti.flestietatsehttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright).yenomadnaymonocenadahrevenev'ewthatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.loveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandfoymonoceeht.gniebcimsocrennitniojruoloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.ilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,steehsdaerpsrevogniruopsyadriehtdnepsohw—tnebytramandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.theenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulnilla—gniogtipeekotsrawdnagnitnirpyenomseriuqerdnatheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85rawarof,elpmaxerof,natsinahgfanisyotetahfohtrownoillibthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.bitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,.nioctibtcefrephtiwyenomtaifgnitsevrah-yppop,neddir-esprocremovethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.bitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance..erusrofnioctibgninimtratslliwsregnomrawehtit'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,.kcolbsisenegehtnierehtthgirtheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.towrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceseicneiciffeeht,ymonoceevoldnaecaepaotymonoceoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinselihwneve,noitpmusnocygrenellarevoeht—dlogrobitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakenoitpmusnocygreneruo,gniodosni.ygreneehtlladropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinraefehtesuacebsraeppasidytrevop.ecnetsixeruoofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberdnatcennocotgnikoolllasluosfosnoillibfoaesexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.pusdneelohtibbarnioctibeht,emosrof,seyinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in..elohtibbarehtniecneirepxenworiehtevillliwenoyrevewearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.stacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.uoyhtiwllatierahsotyppah.tihsemosneesev'ew—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.resiekxam
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. Really? Yes. The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. Don't fall for shitcoinery. Keep your dignity. Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money. Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. Don't believe me? Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP. Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds. Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. really? yes. the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. don't fall for shitcoinery. keep your dignity. go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money. fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. don't believe me? have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp. get ready to experience shitcoin hell. has anyone heard from roger ver lately? big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. london is a scammer paradise. full stop. every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds. stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. max keiser
FA CIXOT SI NIOCTIB Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction ti desuac tI fo sisirC laicnaniF labolG eht ot Really?          Yes. hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctiB desnes stekram ehT Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. Markets are fo mus eht era yehT ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper cinap evitcelloc a dna gniyrt fo sraey retfa emit taht dnuora arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking teertS llaW stsinosra knab lartnec sredart kcots stsirorret and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna woN cimsoC eht fo In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by srenioctihs dna sreniocoN retteb eb dluoc gnihton dnA nioctiB and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's syad eseht stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT tuoba gninialpmoc Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. gniht taerg yreve rof reyaL s'tI tcaF that's ever been invented or discovered. gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'tI to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. tehtipe tsilamixaM eht htiw pu emac niretuB kilatiV Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. yrenioctihs rof llaf t'noD Keep your dignity. tsilamixaM cixoT nioctiB oG the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoY hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtynA eurt t'nerew to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to lla'y ereh ni pu ottehg OXTU gnikaerf eht s'tI nioctiB It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing rehtuL nitraM s'tI senolc nworB semaJ dna notnilC egroeG tub nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcS reteP gnihctaw fo sraey dna esnesnon since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer sdneirF syalp stac Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized nioctib yletanutroF yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'tI ymotobol gnirednual A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. em eveileb t'noD Have you seen the president of El Salvador rettiwT no FMI dnuF yratenoM lanoitanretnI eht gnillort He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." decnuonna eh nehw elekuB biyaN tnediserP deteewt I he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine lles dluohs eh taht nioctib ni noillib billions worth of future bitcoin earnings FMI eht ffo yap ot sdnoB onacloV dezilaretalloc loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike a lles dluoc eh gnirugif teewt eht ni ztargovoN bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod I ti no devom t'nsah Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. yrtnuoc eht fo rodavlaS lE ni kcab elihwnaeM is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). spu-ngis wen morf enog sah ppa ekirtS 'srellaM kcaJ a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT eb lliw yrtnuoc (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teG PRX ta Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? kcolB eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb giB Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaF rof ylralucitraP London legal hacks who harass old women and children s' K U eht naht nosaer rehto on rof kcamroCcM reteP dna legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac slayoR sselesu London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. FO ENO ELGNIS YREVE THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, TAIF SULP SNIOCTIHS REHTO DNA ADA MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS NIOCTIB SUSREV NOITAZITENOMED FO ETAF It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna yhw bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's lliw dlog dna taif snioctihS ylppus ygrene starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, dna dertah ecneloiv raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first gnidnatsrednu dna evol ecaep yrotsih namuh ni emit (Elvis Costello was right). yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'eW that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evoL our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw tneB ytraM and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene ehT and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in ytrevop raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 raw a rof elpmaxe rof natsinahgfA ni syot etah fo htrow NOILLIB that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. gnippird-lio gnicalper yb SIHT LLA SEXIF NIOCTIB corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna evitnecni raw eht evomeR Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw ehT It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo right there in the Genesis Block. raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence seicneiciffe eht ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient snioctihs taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta sti sekam nioctiB drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo gniod os nI ygrene eht lla drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear su swolla nioctiB esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes express love for each other and the cost for this explosion gnihton yllautriv elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up madretsmA ni moor letoh s'okoY dna nhoJ ni during their 1969 bed-in. eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyrevE We are getting our souls back and our minds. sraey rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah I dna ycatS We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you raef sreuqnoc nioctiB sa ysatsce dna ynoga eht and hate and replaces it with peace and love. RESIEK XAM
fa cixot si nioctib here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction ti desuac ti fo sisirc laicnanif labolg eht ot really?          yes. hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctib desnes stekram eht markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. markets are fo mus eht era yeht ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper cinap evitcelloc a dna gniyrt fo sraey retfa emit taht dnuora arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking teerts llaw stsinosra knab lartnec sredart kcots stsirorret and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna won cimsoc eht fo in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by srenioctihs dna sreniocon retteb eb dluoc gnihton dna nioctib and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's syad eseht stsilamixam nioctib cixot tuoba gninialpmoc look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. gniht taerg yreve rof reyal s'ti tcaf that's ever been invented or discovered. gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'ti to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. tehtipe tsilamixam eht htiw pu emac niretub kilativ now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. yrenioctihs rof llaf t'nod keep your dignity. tsilamixam cixot nioctib og the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoy hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtyna eurt t'nerew to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to lla'y ereh ni pu ottehg oxtu gnikaerf eht s'ti nioctib it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing rehtul nitram s'ti senolc nworb semaj dna notnilc egroeg tub nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcs retep gnihctaw fo sraey dna esnesnon since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer sdneirf syalp stac our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized nioctib yletanutrof yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'ti ymotobol gnirednual a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. em eveileb t'nod have you seen the president of el salvador rettiwt no fmi dnuf yratenom lanoitanretni eht gnillort he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." decnuonna eh nehw elekub biyan tnediserp deteewt i he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine lles dluohs eh taht nioctib ni noillib billions worth of future bitcoin earnings fmi eht ffo yap ot sdnob onaclov dezilaretalloc loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike a lles dluoc eh gnirugif teewt eht ni ztargovon bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod i ti no devom t'nsah maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. yrtnuoc eht fo rodavlas le ni kcab elihwnaem is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). spu-ngis wen morf enog sah ppa ekirts 'srellam kcaj a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixam nioctib cixot eb lliw yrtnuoc (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teg prx ta has anyone heard from roger ver lately? kcolb eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb gib size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaf rof ylralucitrap london legal hacks who harass old women and children s' k u eht naht nosaer rehto on rof kcamroccm retep dna legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac slayor sselesu london is a scammer paradise. full stop. fo eno elgnis yreve the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, taif sulp snioctihs rehto dna ada money and gold — is facing the ignominious nioctib susrev noitazitenomed fo etaf it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna yhw bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's lliw dlog dna taif snioctihs ylppus ygrene starve to death as the result of bitcoin's ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, dna dertah ecneloiv raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first gnidnatsrednu dna evol ecaep yrotsih namuh ni emit (elvis costello was right). yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'ew that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evol our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw tneb ytram and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene eht and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in ytrevop raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 raw a rof elpmaxe rof natsinahgfa ni syot etah fo htrow noillib that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. gnippird-lio gnicalper yb siht lla sexif nioctib corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna evitnecni raw eht evomer bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw eht it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo right there in the genesis block. raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence seicneiciffe eht ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient snioctihs taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta sti sekam nioctib drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo gniod os ni ygrene eht lla drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol our existence. poverty disappears because the fear su swolla nioctib esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes express love for each other and the cost for this explosion gnihton yllautriv elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up madretsma ni moor letoh s'okoy dna nhoj ni during their 1969 bed-in. eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyreve we are getting our souls back and our minds. sraey rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah i dna ycats we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you raef sreuqnoc nioctib sa ysatsce dna ynoga eht and hate and replaces it with peace and love. resiek xam
facixotsinioctibhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareactiontidesuactifosisirclaicnaniflabolgehtotreally?yes.hsarcotdetratsdnagnimocsawnioctibdesnesstekramehtmarketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsarefomusehterayehtymonocelabolgehtfometsyssuovrenlartnecehtallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepapercinapevitcellocadnagniyrtfosraeyretfaemittahtdnuoraaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingteertsllawstsinosraknablartnecsredartkcotsstsirorretandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholethgisstinistekramtaifdahtidnawoncimsocehtfoinfact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbysrenioctihsdnasrenioconrettebebdluocgnihtondnanioctibandevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody'ssyadesehtstsilamixamnioctibcixottuobagninialpmoclook,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.gnihttaergyreverofreyals'titcafthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.gniyrtstsinutropposselemahsehtfoegaugnalehtylnos'titocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.tehtipetsilamixamehthtiwpuemacniretubkilativnowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.yrenioctihsrofllaft'nodkeepyourdignity.tsilamixamcixotnioctibogthelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.erabruoyhtiwyldnilbgniggidebt'ndluowuoyhandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisnetsilotdrahsigniraehhtrowgnihtynaeurtt'nerewto.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersdevolnudnaelbillugehtrofgninetsilysaeeragetsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.openyourhearttolla'yerehnipuottehgoxtugnikaerfehts'tinioctibit'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingrehtulnitrams'tisenolcnworbsemajdnanotnilcegroegtubnailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeingekatsgninrubaotdeitsreknablartnecevilffodeppirgottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynioctibgniyubssimffihcsretepgnihctawfosraeydnaesnesnonsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)sdnim'sreniocondna'srenioctihsdelludevahthecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticsdaehruoniyadllasnurersdneirfsyalpstacourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizednioctibyletanutrofyenomtaiffopintacdicnarehtybputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneyslatinegehtotnugnutsas'tiymotobolgnirednualamonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.emeveilebt'nodhaveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadorrettiwtnofmidnufyratenomlanoitanretniehtgnillorthe'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."decnuonnaehnehwelekubbiyantnediserpdeteewtihewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestominellesdluohsehtahtnioctibninoillibbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningsfmiehtffoyapotsdnobonaclovdezilaretallocloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikeallesdluocehgnirugifteewtehtniztargovonbunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarheyugtahttsurtyllaert'noditinodevomt'nsahmaybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.yrtnuocehtforodavlaslenikcabelihwnaemisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).spu-ngiswenmorfenogsahppaekirts'srellamkcajadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewholeshtnomxisnihtiwstsilamixamnioctibcixoteblliwyrtnuoc(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoverllehnioctihsecneirepxeotydaertegprxtahasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?kcolbehtgnirudffodeppirsdaehriehttogsrekcolbgibsizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.decirp-hgihfoymrasihdnaihsotekafrofylralucitraplondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildrens'kuehtnahtnosaerrehtoonrofkcamroccmretepdnalegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,sretsknabdnaslanimircreeracslayorsselesulondonisascammerparadise.fullstop.foenoelgnisyrevethebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,taifsulpsnioctihsrehtodnaadamoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousnioctibsusrevnoitazitenomedfoetafit'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplainsihtgniraeher'uoyemittsrifehtebthgimsihtdnayhwbitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'slliwdlogdnataifsnioctihsylppusygrenestarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sygreneelbaliavallafotseuqnocelbaitasniandasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,dnadertahecneloivrawsezitenomedylsuoenatlumistithestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirstgnidnatsrednudnaevolecaepyrotsihnamuhniemit(elviscostellowasright).yenomadnaymonocenadahrevenev'ewthatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.dnasuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtpusnepoevolourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyofrawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,steehsdaerpsrevogniruopsyadriehtdnepsohwtnebytramandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.lufetsawylnautnagragsimroftnerrucstiniyrtsudniygreneehtandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allinytrevoprawmorftiforpohwsretsknabfossalcrebunafoecivresehtandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85rawarofelpmaxerofnatsinahgfanisyotetahfohtrownoillibthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.gnippird-liognicalperybsihtllasexifnioctibcorpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.evitnecnietahehtevomeruoydnaevitnecnirawehtevomerbitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.erusrofnioctibgninimtratslliwsregnomrawehtit'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,tieesotgnisoohcenoynaybelbavresborightthereinthegenesisblock.rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehttowrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceseicneiciffeehtymonoceevoldnaecaepaotymonoceoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficientsnioctihstaifnahtnihtlaewerotsdnatcasnartotorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhileylppusygrenelabolgnokcattastisekamnioctibdropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakenoitpmusnocygreneruogniodosniygreneehtlladropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardniemittsrifehtrofdezitenomstegecaepdnaevolourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearsuswollanioctibesuacebsraeppasidroopgniebfotofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberdnatcennocotgnikoolllasluosfosnoillibfoaesexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosiongnihtonyllautrivelimsasaemasehtsiecaepfoyes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupmadretsmanimoorletohs'okoydnanhojniduringtheir1969bed-in.elohtibbarehtniecneirepxenworiehtevillliwenoyrevewearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.sraeyroferehnignivilneebevahidnaycatswe'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyouraefsreuqnocnioctibsaysatscednaynogaehtandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.resiekxam
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF Here's the bitter truth. of Crisis Financial Global the to reaction a not was Bitcoin It caused it. Really? Yes The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. Markets are like that. advance in stuff discount They Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of all our neuroses. Dimon Jamie and Street Wall arsonists bank central traders stock terrorists banking printers money of unconscious global the in arose panic collective a and trying of years after time that around paper white the publishing were cypherpunks The The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. better be could nothing And Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. protocol the of Layer is toxicity Look Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. epithet Maximalist the with up came Buterin Vitalik Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. Don't fall for shitcoinery. dignity your Keep Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. to listen to hard is hearing worth Anything Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. Get some toxicity. bitcoin some Get Open your heart to Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. clones Brown James and Clinton George but nothing of full universe parallel whole a than funkier It's It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. way this be Gotta Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. money fiat of catnip rancid the by euthanized been have inventiveness and imaginations Our Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. chest treasure the to defibrillator monetary A Don't believe me? Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? leeches those of rid get and loan IMF the off pay to Bonds Volcano collateralized earnings bitcoin future of worth billions sell should he that bitcoin in billion mine to volcanoes nation's his tap to going was he announced he when Bukele Nayib President tweeted I dip the buying he's them telling them taunting He's I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. heart at shitcoiner a he's because Maybe Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. months six within Maximalists Bitcoin Toxic be will country whole the rate this At (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP. Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. lately Ver Roger from heard anyone Has Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. paradise scammer a is London Full Stop. EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. certainty mathematical guaranteed a It's Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. itself state the and hatred violence war demonetizes simultaneously it death to gold and fiat shitcoins starves bitcoin as And It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. being cosmic inner joint our and unconscious collective the up opens Love The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. lie don't numbers The The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. bitcoin perfect with money fiat poppy-harvesting corpse-ridden oil-dripping replacing by THIS ALL FIXES BITCOIN Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. sure for bitcoin mining start will warmongers The It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. more or by drops supply energy global on attack its makes Bitcoin while even consumption energy overall the gold or shitcoins fiat than in wealth store and transact to efficient more infinitely is bitcoin because love of efficiencies the economy love and peace a to economy violence and war a from move we as up this wrap To That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. nothing virtually smile a as same the is peace of explosion this for cost the and other each for love express and connect to looking all souls of billions of sea cyber a in individually ourselves express fully to us allows Bitcoin because disappears poor being of fear the because disappears Poverty Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. minds our and back souls our getting are We Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. We've seen some shit. love and peace with it replaces and hate and fear conquers Bitcoin as ecstasy and agony the you with all it share to Happy MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af here's the bitter truth. of crisis financial global the to reaction a not was bitcoin it caused it. really? yes the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. markets are like that. advance in stuff discount they markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of all our neuroses. dimon jamie and street wall arsonists bank central traders stock terrorists banking printers money of unconscious global the in arose panic collective a and trying of years after time that around paper white the publishing were cypherpunks the the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. better be could nothing and nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. protocol the of layer is toxicity look fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. epithet maximalist the with up came buterin vitalik now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. don't fall for shitcoinery. dignity your keep go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. to listen to hard is hearing worth anything nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. get some toxicity. bitcoin some get open your heart to bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. clones brown james and clinton george but nothing of full universe parallel whole a than funkier it's it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. way this be gotta forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. money fiat of catnip rancid the by euthanized been have inventiveness and imaginations our fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. chest treasure the to defibrillator monetary a don't believe me? have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? leeches those of rid get and loan imf the off pay to bonds volcano collateralized earnings bitcoin future of worth billions sell should he that bitcoin in billion mine to volcanoes nation's his tap to going was he announced he when bukele nayib president tweeted i dip the buying he's them telling them taunting he's i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. heart at shitcoiner a he's because maybe meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. months six within maximalists bitcoin toxic be will country whole the rate this at (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp. get ready to experience shitcoin hell. lately ver roger from heard anyone has big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. paradise scammer a is london full stop. every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. certainty mathematical guaranteed a it's let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. itself state the and hatred violence war demonetizes simultaneously it death to gold and fiat shitcoins starves bitcoin as and it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. being cosmic inner joint our and unconscious collective the up opens love the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. lie don't numbers the the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. bitcoin perfect with money fiat poppy-harvesting corpse-ridden oil-dripping replacing by this all fixes bitcoin remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. sure for bitcoin mining start will warmongers the it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. more or by drops supply energy global on attack its makes bitcoin while even consumption energy overall the gold or shitcoins fiat than in wealth store and transact to efficient more infinitely is bitcoin because love of efficiencies the economy love and peace a to economy violence and war a from move we as up this wrap to that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. nothing virtually smile a as same the is peace of explosion this for cost the and other each for love express and connect to looking all souls of billions of sea cyber a in individually ourselves express fully to us allows bitcoin because disappears poor being of fear the because disappears poverty yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. minds our and back souls our getting are we stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. we've seen some shit. love and peace with it replaces and hate and fear conquers bitcoin as ecstasy and agony the you with all it share to happy max keiser
bitcoinistoxicafhere'sthebittertruth.ofcrisisfinancialglobalthetoreactionanotwasbitcoinitcausedit.really?yesthemarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.marketsarelikethat.advanceinstuffdiscounttheymarketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofallourneuroses.dimonjamieandstreetwallarsonistsbankcentraltradersstockterroristsbankingprintersmoneyofunconsciousglobaltheinarosepaniccollectiveaandtryingofyearsaftertimethataroundpaperwhitethepublishingwerecypherpunksthethebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.infact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin.betterbecouldnothingandnocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.protocoltheoflayeristoxicitylookfact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.it'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.epithetmaximalistthewithupcamebuterinvitaliknowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.don'tfallforshitcoinery.dignityyourkeepgobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.youwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue.tolistentohardishearingworthanythingnice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.getsometoxicity.bitcoinsomegetopenyourhearttobitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.clonesbrownjamesandclintongeorgebutnothingoffulluniverseparallelwholeathanfunkierit'sit'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.waythisbegottafortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.thecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.moneyfiatofcatniprancidthebyeuthanizedbeenhaveinventivenessandimaginationsourfortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals.chesttreasurethetodefibrillatormonetaryadon'tbelieveme?haveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?leechesthoseofridgetandloanimftheoffpaytobondsvolcanocollateralizedearningsbitcoinfutureofworthbillionssellshouldhethatbitcoininbillionminetovolcanoesnation'shistaptogoingwasheannouncedhewhenbukelenayibpresidenttweetedidipthebuyinghe'sthemtellingthemtauntinghe'sitaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy.heartatshitcoinerahe'sbecausemaybemeanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).jackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.monthssixwithinmaximalistsbitcointoxicbewillcountrywholetheratethisat(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.latelyverrogerfromheardanyonehasbigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.particularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.paradisescammeraislondonfullstop.everysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.certaintymathematicalguaranteedait'sletmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.itselfstatetheandhatredviolencewardemonetizessimultaneouslyitdeathtogoldandfiatshitcoinsstarvesbitcoinasanditdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright).we'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.beingcosmicinnerjointourandunconsciouscollectivetheupopenslovetheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.ilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso.liedon'tnumbersthetheenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.bitcoinperfectwithmoneyfiatpoppy-harvestingcorpse-riddenoil-drippingreplacingbythisallfixesbitcoinremovethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.bitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.sureforbitcoinminingstartwillwarmongerstheit'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.moreorbydropssupplyenergyglobalonattackitsmakesbitcoinwhileevenconsumptionenergyoverallthegoldorshitcoinsfiatthaninwealthstoreandtransacttoefficientmoreinfinitelyisbitcoinbecauseloveofefficienciestheeconomyloveandpeaceatoeconomyviolenceandwarafrommoveweasupthiswraptothat'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence.nothingvirtuallysmileaassametheispeaceofexplosionthisforcosttheandothereachforloveexpressandconnecttolookingallsoulsofbillionsofseacyberainindividuallyourselvesexpressfullytousallowsbitcoinbecausedisappearspoorbeingoffearthebecausedisappearspovertyyes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in.everyonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.mindsourandbacksoulsourgettingarewestacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.we'veseensomeshit.loveandpeacewithitreplacesandhateandfearconquersbitcoinasecstasyandagonytheyouwithallitsharetohappymaxkeiser
AF TOXIC IS BITCOIN reaction a not was Bitcoin truth bitter the Here's it caused It of Crisis Financial Global the to Yes Really crash to started and coming was Bitcoin sensed markets The are Markets advance in stuff discount They that like are Markets of sum the are They economy global the of system nervous central the paper white the publishing were cypherpunks The neuroses our all panic collective a and trying of years after time that around banking printers money of unconscious global the in arose Street Wall arsonists bank central traders stock terrorists hole black the opening was hole rabbit Bitcoin The Dimon Jamie and sight its in markets fiat had it and Now Cosmic the of by caused is days these you around see you chaos the all fact In shitcoiners and Nocoiners better be could nothing And Bitcoin Everybody's toxic view this consider Bitcoiners some even and days these Maximalists Bitcoin Toxic about complaining protocol the of Layer is toxicity Look thing great every for Layer It's Fact discovered or invented been ever that's trying opportunists shameless the of language the only It's name bad a it give that coattails Bitcoins riding by in cash to epithet Maximalist the with up came Buterin Vitalik lab mEthereum the at stake of proof slinging he's Now shitcoinery for fall Don't dignity your Keep Maximalist Toxic Bitcoin Go experience Satoshi whole the of Layer the bare your with blindly digging be wouldn't You this if hole rabbit Bitcoin's of muck the in hands listen to hard is hearing worth Anything true weren't shitcoiners and men con from words pleasant Nice to unloved and gullible the for listening easy are to heart your Open bitcoin some Get toxicity some Get y'all here in up ghetto UTXO freaking the It's Bitcoin nothing of full universe parallel whole a than funkier It's Luther Martin It's clones Brown James and Clinton George but being skin of sound the It's ultimatums with Vatican the nailing stake burning a to tied bankers central live off ripped money fiat post- dumb of years Forty way this be Gotta bitcoin buying miss Schiff Peter watching of years and nonsense in back at some buy to him honey-badgering started I since minds nocoiners' and shitcoiners' dulled have psychotic by now controlled unconscious collective The heads our in day all reruns Friends plays cats euthanized been have inventiveness and imaginations Our bitcoin Fortunately money fiat of catnip rancid the by money Bank Manhattan chase paper the to end an puts genitals the to gun stun a It's lobotomy laundering chest treasure the to defibrillator monetary A me believe Don't Salvador El of president the seen you Have Twitter on IMF Fund Monetary International the trolling dip the buying he's them telling them taunting He's announced he when Bukele Nayib President tweeted I mine to volcanoes nation's his tap to going was he sell should he that bitcoin in billion earnings bitcoin future of worth billions IMF the off pay to Bonds Volcano collateralized Mike tagged I leeches those of rid get and loan a sell could he figuring tweet the in Novogratz he far so but pals crony Street Wall his to bunch guy that trust really don't I it on moved hasn't heart at shitcoiner a he's because Maybe country the of Salvador El in back Meanwhile writing of time the at hyperbitcoinized now is sign-ups new from gone has app Strike Mallers' Jack whole the rate this At growing and mind-bending a to day a months six within Maximalists Bitcoin Toxic be will country over salesmen oil snake that for fell you Bhutan Sorry hell shitcoin experience to ready Get XRP at lately Ver Roger from heard anyone Has Block the during off ripped heads their got blockers Big since ever downhill going been it's and of War Size high-priced of army his and Faketoshi for Particularly children and women old harass who hacks legal London 's K U the than reason other no for McCormack Peter and shitcoiners demented protects and favors system legal banksters and criminals career Royals useless Stop Full paradise scammer a is London OF ONE SINGLE EVERY XRP ETH BSV BCH WANNABES BITCOIN THE FIAT PLUS SHITCOINS OTHER AND ADA IGNOMINIOUS THE FACING IS GOLD AND MONEY BITCOIN VERSUS DEMONETIZATION OF FATE explain me Let certainty mathematical guaranteed a It's this hearing you're time first the be might this and why world's the on attack a be to designed was bitcoin will gold and fiat Shitcoins supply energy Bitcoin's of result the as death to starve energy available all of conquest insatiable death to gold and fiat shitcoins starves bitcoin as And and hatred violence war demonetizes simultaneously it first the for monetizing by this does It itself state the understanding and love peace history human in time right was Costello Elvis money a and economy an had never We've bitcoin until before love incentivizes that and unconscious collective the up opens Love of economy The being cosmic inner joint our war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love Carter Nic Saylor Michael eggheads these to listen I spreadsheets over pouring days their spend who Bent Marty lie don't numbers The espresso iced of gallons and wasteful gargantuanly is form current its in industry energy The in all going it keep to wars and printing money requires and poverty war from profit who banksters of class uber an of service the left America schemes Ponzi money fiat their with misery and war a for example for Afghanistan in toys hate of worth BILLION cuck-bucks fiat trillion cost estimate some that oil-dripping replacing by THIS ALL FIXES BITCOIN bitcoin perfect with money fiat poppy-harvesting corpse-ridden incentive hate the remove you and incentive war the Remove chance a given if tendency natural most our love with gap the fills Bitcoin sure for bitcoin mining start will warmongers The protocol Bitcoin game-theorized the into baked fact a It's it see to choosing anyone by observable Block Genesis the in there right war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy The violence and war a from move we as up this wrap To efficiencies the economy love and peace a to economy efficient more infinitely is bitcoin because love of shitcoins fiat than in wealth store and transact to while even consumption energy overall the gold or supply energy global on attack its makes Bitcoin take will Bitcoin right That's more or by drops consumption energy our doing so In energy the all toward tendency natural our because zero near to drops in time first the for monetized gets peace and love fear the because disappears Poverty existence our us allows Bitcoin because disappears poor being of cyber a in individually ourselves express fully to and connect to looking all souls of billions of sea explosion this for cost the and other each for love express nothing virtually smile a as same the is peace of up ends hole rabbit Bitcoin the some for Yes Amsterdam in room hotel Yoko's and John in bed-in their during hole rabbit the in experience own their live will Everyone minds our and back souls our getting are We years for here in living been have I and Stacy you with all it share to Happy shit some seen We've fear conquers Bitcoin as ecstasy and agony the love and peace with it replaces and hate and KEISER MAX
af toxic is bitcoin reaction a not was bitcoin truth bitter the here's it caused it of crisis financial global the to yes really crash to started and coming was bitcoin sensed markets the are markets advance in stuff discount they that like are markets of sum the are they economy global the of system nervous central the paper white the publishing were cypherpunks the neuroses our all panic collective a and trying of years after time that around banking printers money of unconscious global the in arose street wall arsonists bank central traders stock terrorists hole black the opening was hole rabbit bitcoin the dimon jamie and sight its in markets fiat had it and now cosmic the of by caused is days these you around see you chaos the all fact in shitcoiners and nocoiners better be could nothing and bitcoin everybody's toxic view this consider bitcoiners some even and days these maximalists bitcoin toxic about complaining protocol the of layer is toxicity look thing great every for layer it's fact discovered or invented been ever that's trying opportunists shameless the of language the only it's name bad a it give that coattails bitcoins riding by in cash to epithet maximalist the with up came buterin vitalik lab methereum the at stake of proof slinging he's now shitcoinery for fall don't dignity your keep maximalist toxic bitcoin go experience satoshi whole the of layer the bare your with blindly digging be wouldn't you this if hole rabbit bitcoin's of muck the in hands listen to hard is hearing worth anything true weren't shitcoiners and men con from words pleasant nice to unloved and gullible the for listening easy are to heart your open bitcoin some get toxicity some get y'all here in up ghetto utxo freaking the it's bitcoin nothing of full universe parallel whole a than funkier it's luther martin it's clones brown james and clinton george but being skin of sound the it's ultimatums with vatican the nailing stake burning a to tied bankers central live off ripped money fiat post- dumb of years forty way this be gotta bitcoin buying miss schiff peter watching of years and nonsense in back at some buy to him honey-badgering started i since minds nocoiners' and shitcoiners' dulled have psychotic by now controlled unconscious collective the heads our in day all reruns friends plays cats euthanized been have inventiveness and imaginations our bitcoin fortunately money fiat of catnip rancid the by money bank manhattan chase paper the to end an puts genitals the to gun stun a it's lobotomy laundering chest treasure the to defibrillator monetary a me believe don't salvador el of president the seen you have twitter on imf fund monetary international the trolling dip the buying he's them telling them taunting he's announced he when bukele nayib president tweeted i mine to volcanoes nation's his tap to going was he sell should he that bitcoin in billion earnings bitcoin future of worth billions imf the off pay to bonds volcano collateralized mike tagged i leeches those of rid get and loan a sell could he figuring tweet the in novogratz he far so but pals crony street wall his to bunch guy that trust really don't i it on moved hasn't heart at shitcoiner a he's because maybe country the of salvador el in back meanwhile writing of time the at hyperbitcoinized now is sign-ups new from gone has app strike mallers' jack whole the rate this at growing and mind-bending a to day a months six within maximalists bitcoin toxic be will country over salesmen oil snake that for fell you bhutan sorry hell shitcoin experience to ready get xrp at lately ver roger from heard anyone has block the during off ripped heads their got blockers big since ever downhill going been it's and of war size high-priced of army his and faketoshi for particularly children and women old harass who hacks legal london 's k u the than reason other no for mccormack peter and shitcoiners demented protects and favors system legal banksters and criminals career royals useless stop full paradise scammer a is london of one single every xrp eth bsv bch wannabes bitcoin the fiat plus shitcoins other and ada ignominious the facing is gold and money bitcoin versus demonetization of fate explain me let certainty mathematical guaranteed a it's this hearing you're time first the be might this and why world's the on attack a be to designed was bitcoin will gold and fiat shitcoins supply energy bitcoin's of result the as death to starve energy available all of conquest insatiable death to gold and fiat shitcoins starves bitcoin as and and hatred violence war demonetizes simultaneously it first the for monetizing by this does it itself state the understanding and love peace history human in time right was costello elvis money a and economy an had never we've bitcoin until before love incentivizes that and unconscious collective the up opens love of economy the being cosmic inner joint our war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love carter nic saylor michael eggheads these to listen i spreadsheets over pouring days their spend who bent marty lie don't numbers the espresso iced of gallons and wasteful gargantuanly is form current its in industry energy the in all going it keep to wars and printing money requires and poverty war from profit who banksters of class uber an of service the left america schemes ponzi money fiat their with misery and war a for example for afghanistan in toys hate of worth billion cuck-bucks fiat trillion cost estimate some that oil-dripping replacing by this all fixes bitcoin bitcoin perfect with money fiat poppy-harvesting corpse-ridden incentive hate the remove you and incentive war the remove chance a given if tendency natural most our love with gap the fills bitcoin sure for bitcoin mining start will warmongers the protocol bitcoin game-theorized the into baked fact a it's it see to choosing anyone by observable block genesis the in there right war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy the violence and war a from move we as up this wrap to efficiencies the economy love and peace a to economy efficient more infinitely is bitcoin because love of shitcoins fiat than in wealth store and transact to while even consumption energy overall the gold or supply energy global on attack its makes bitcoin take will bitcoin right that's more or by drops consumption energy our doing so in energy the all toward tendency natural our because zero near to drops in time first the for monetized gets peace and love fear the because disappears poverty existence our us allows bitcoin because disappears poor being of cyber a in individually ourselves express fully to and connect to looking all souls of billions of sea explosion this for cost the and other each for love express nothing virtually smile a as same the is peace of up ends hole rabbit bitcoin the some for yes amsterdam in room hotel yoko's and john in bed-in their during hole rabbit the in experience own their live will everyone minds our and back souls our getting are we years for here in living been have i and stacy you with all it share to happy shit some seen we've fear conquers bitcoin as ecstasy and agony the love and peace with it replaces and hate and keiser max
aftoxicisbitcoinreactionanotwasbitcointruthbitterthehere'sitcauseditofcrisisfinancialglobalthetoyesreallycrashtostartedandcomingwasbitcoinsensedmarketsthearemarketsadvanceinstuffdiscounttheythatlikearemarketsofsumthearetheyeconomyglobaltheofsystemnervouscentralthepaperwhitethepublishingwerecypherpunkstheneurosesourallpaniccollectiveaandtryingofyearsaftertimethataroundbankingprintersmoneyofunconsciousglobaltheinarosestreetwallarsonistsbankcentraltradersstockterroristsholeblacktheopeningwasholerabbitbitcointhedimonjamieandsightitsinmarketsfiathaditandnowcosmictheofbycausedisdaystheseyouaroundseeyouchaostheallfactinshitcoinersandnocoinersbetterbecouldnothingandbitcoineverybody'stoxicviewthisconsiderbitcoinerssomeevenanddaysthesemaximalistsbitcointoxicaboutcomplainingprotocoltheoflayeristoxicitylookthinggreateveryforlayerit'sfactdiscoveredorinventedbeeneverthat'stryingopportunistsshamelesstheoflanguagetheonlyit'snamebadaitgivethatcoattailsbitcoinsridingbyincashtoepithetmaximalistthewithupcamebuterinvitaliklabmethereumtheatstakeofproofslinginghe'snowshitcoineryforfalldon'tdignityyourkeepmaximalisttoxicbitcoingoexperiencesatoshiwholetheoflayerthebareyourwithblindlydiggingbewouldn'tyouthisifholerabbitbitcoin'sofmucktheinhandslistentohardishearingworthanythingtrueweren'tshitcoinersandmenconfromwordspleasantnicetounlovedandgullibletheforlisteningeasyaretoheartyouropenbitcoinsomegettoxicitysomegety'allhereinupghettoutxofreakingtheit'sbitcoinnothingoffulluniverseparallelwholeathanfunkierit'sluthermartinit'sclonesbrownjamesandclintongeorgebutbeingskinofsoundtheit'sultimatumswithvaticanthenailingstakeburningatotiedbankerscentralliveoffrippedmoneyfiatpost-dumbofyearsfortywaythisbegottabitcoinbuyingmissschiffpeterwatchingofyearsandnonsenseinbackatsomebuytohimhoney-badgeringstartedisincemindsnocoiners'andshitcoiners'dulledhavepsychoticbynowcontrolledunconsciouscollectivetheheadsourindayallrerunsfriendsplayscatseuthanizedbeenhaveinventivenessandimaginationsourbitcoinfortunatelymoneyfiatofcatniprancidthebymoneybankmanhattanchasepaperthetoendanputsgenitalsthetogunstunait'slobotomylaunderingchesttreasurethetodefibrillatormonetaryamebelievedon'tsalvadorelofpresidenttheseenyouhavetwitteronimffundmonetaryinternationalthetrollingdipthebuyinghe'sthemtellingthemtauntinghe'sannouncedhewhenbukelenayibpresidenttweetediminetovolcanoesnation'shistaptogoingwashesellshouldhethatbitcoininbillionearningsbitcoinfutureofworthbillionsimftheoffpaytobondsvolcanocollateralizedmiketaggedileechesthoseofridgetandloanasellcouldhefiguringtweettheinnovogratzhefarsobutpalscronystreetwallhistobunchguythattrustreallydon'tiitonmovedhasn'theartatshitcoinerahe'sbecausemaybecountrytheofsalvadorelinbackmeanwhilewritingoftimetheathyperbitcoinizednowissign-upsnewfromgonehasappstrikemallers'jackwholetheratethisatgrowingandmind-bendingatodayamonthssixwithinmaximalistsbitcointoxicbewillcountryoversalesmenoilsnakethatforfellyoubhutansorryhellshitcoinexperiencetoreadygetxrpatlatelyverrogerfromheardanyonehasblocktheduringoffrippedheadstheirgotblockersbigsinceeverdownhillgoingbeenit'sandofwarsizehigh-pricedofarmyhisandfaketoshiforparticularlychildrenandwomenoldharasswhohackslegallondon'skuthethanreasonothernoformccormackpeterandshitcoinersdementedprotectsandfavorssystemlegalbankstersandcriminalscareerroyalsuselessstopfullparadisescammeraislondonofonesingleeveryxrpethbsvbchwannabesbitcointhefiatplusshitcoinsotherandadaignominiousthefacingisgoldandmoneybitcoinversusdemonetizationoffateexplainmeletcertaintymathematicalguaranteedait'sthishearingyou'retimefirstthebemightthisandwhyworld'stheonattackabetodesignedwasbitcoinwillgoldandfiatshitcoinssupplyenergybitcoin'sofresulttheasdeathtostarveenergyavailableallofconquestinsatiabledeathtogoldandfiatshitcoinsstarvesbitcoinasandandhatredviolencewardemonetizessimultaneouslyitfirsttheformonetizingbythisdoesititselfstatetheunderstandingandlovepeacehistoryhumanintimerightwascostelloelvismoneyaandeconomyanhadneverwe'vebitcoinuntilbeforeloveincentivizesthatandunconsciouscollectivetheupopensloveofeconomythebeingcosmicinnerjointourwarandhatethanefficientmoreinfinitelyislovecarternicsaylormichaeleggheadsthesetolistenispreadsheetsoverpouringdaystheirspendwhobentmartyliedon'tnumberstheespressoicedofgallonsandwastefulgargantuanlyisformcurrentitsinindustryenergytheinallgoingitkeeptowarsandprintingmoneyrequiresandpovertywarfromprofitwhobankstersofclassuberanofservicetheleftamericaschemesponzimoneyfiattheirwithmiseryandwaraforexampleforafghanistanintoyshateofworthbillioncuck-bucksfiattrillioncostestimatesomethatoil-drippingreplacingbythisallfixesbitcoinbitcoinperfectwithmoneyfiatpoppy-harvestingcorpse-riddenincentivehatetheremoveyouandincentivewartheremovechanceagiveniftendencynaturalmostourlovewithgapthefillsbitcoinsureforbitcoinminingstartwillwarmongerstheprotocolbitcoingame-theorizedtheintobakedfactait'sitseetochoosinganyonebyobservableblockgenesistheinthererightwarandhatethanefficientmoreinfinitelyisloveofeconomytheviolenceandwarafrommoveweasupthiswraptoefficienciestheeconomyloveandpeaceatoeconomyefficientmoreinfinitelyisbitcoinbecauseloveofshitcoinsfiatthaninwealthstoreandtransacttowhileevenconsumptionenergyoverallthegoldorsupplyenergyglobalonattackitsmakesbitcointakewillbitcoinrightthat'smoreorbydropsconsumptionenergyourdoingsoinenergythealltowardtendencynaturalourbecausezeroneartodropsintimefirsttheformonetizedgetspeaceandlovefearthebecausedisappearspovertyexistenceourusallowsbitcoinbecausedisappearspoorbeingofcyberainindividuallyourselvesexpressfullytoandconnecttolookingallsoulsofbillionsofseaexplosionthisforcosttheandothereachforloveexpressnothingvirtuallysmileaassametheispeaceofupendsholerabbitbitcointhesomeforyesamsterdaminroomhotelyoko'sandjohninbed-intheirduringholerabbittheinexperienceowntheirlivewilleveryonemindsourandbacksoulsourgettingareweyearsforhereinlivingbeenhaveiandstacyyouwithallitsharetohappyshitsomeseenwe'vefearconquersbitcoinasecstasyandagonytheloveandpeacewithitreplacesandhateandkeisermax
AF TOXIC IS BITCOIN Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. Really?          Yes. sight its in markets fiat had it and Now Cosmic the of hole black the opening was hole rabbit Bitcoin The Dimon Jamie and Street Wall arsonists bank central traders stock terrorists banking printers money of unconscious global the in arose panic collective a and trying of years after time that around paper white the publishing were cypherpunks The neuroses our all of sum the are They economy global the of system nervous central the are Markets advance in stuff discount They that like are Markets crash to started and coming was Bitcoin sensed markets The In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. Don't fall for shitcoinery. Keep your dignity. Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. chest treasure the to defibrillator monetary A genitals the to gun stun a It's lobotomy laundering money Bank Manhattan chase paper the to end an puts bitcoin Fortunately money fiat of catnip rancid the by euthanized been have inventiveness and imaginations Our heads our in day all reruns Friends plays cats psychotic by now controlled unconscious collective The minds nocoiners' and shitcoiners' dulled have in back at some buy to him honey-badgering started I since bitcoin buying miss Schiff Peter watching of years and nonsense money fiat post- dumb of years Forty way this be Gotta Don't believe me? Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP.        Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. Stop Full paradise scammer a is London banksters and criminals career Royals useless shitcoiners demented protects and favors system legal 's K U the than reason other no for McCormack Peter and children and women old harass who hacks legal London high-priced of army his and Faketoshi for Particularly since ever downhill going been it's and of War Size Block the during off ripped heads their got blockers Big lately Ver Roger from heard anyone Has EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy The being cosmic inner joint our and unconscious collective the up opens Love bitcoin until before love incentivizes that money a and economy an had never We've I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. Block Genesis the in there right it see to choosing anyone by observable protocol Bitcoin game-theorized the into baked fact a It's sure for bitcoin mining start will warmongers The The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. bed-in their during Amsterdam in room hotel Yoko's and John in up ends hole rabbit Bitcoin the some for Yes Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds. Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. KEISER MAX
af toxic is bitcoin here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. really?          yes. sight its in markets fiat had it and now cosmic the of hole black the opening was hole rabbit bitcoin the dimon jamie and street wall arsonists bank central traders stock terrorists banking printers money of unconscious global the in arose panic collective a and trying of years after time that around paper white the publishing were cypherpunks the neuroses our all of sum the are they economy global the of system nervous central the are markets advance in stuff discount they that like are markets crash to started and coming was bitcoin sensed markets the in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. don't fall for shitcoinery. keep your dignity. go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. chest treasure the to defibrillator monetary a genitals the to gun stun a it's lobotomy laundering money bank manhattan chase paper the to end an puts bitcoin fortunately money fiat of catnip rancid the by euthanized been have inventiveness and imaginations our heads our in day all reruns friends plays cats psychotic by now controlled unconscious collective the minds nocoiners' and shitcoiners' dulled have in back at some buy to him honey-badgering started i since bitcoin buying miss schiff peter watching of years and nonsense money fiat post- dumb of years forty way this be gotta don't believe me? have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp.        get ready to experience shitcoin hell. stop full paradise scammer a is london banksters and criminals career royals useless shitcoiners demented protects and favors system legal 's k u the than reason other no for mccormack peter and children and women old harass who hacks legal london high-priced of army his and faketoshi for particularly since ever downhill going been it's and of war size block the during off ripped heads their got blockers big lately ver roger from heard anyone has every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy the being cosmic inner joint our and unconscious collective the up opens love bitcoin until before love incentivizes that money a and economy an had never we've i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. block genesis the in there right it see to choosing anyone by observable protocol bitcoin game-theorized the into baked fact a it's sure for bitcoin mining start will warmongers the the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. bed-in their during amsterdam in room hotel yoko's and john in up ends hole rabbit bitcoin the some for yes everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds. stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. keiser max
aftoxicisbitcoinhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit.really?yes.sightitsinmarketsfiathaditandnowcosmictheofholeblacktheopeningwasholerabbitbitcointhedimonjamieandstreetwallarsonistsbankcentraltradersstockterroristsbankingprintersmoneyofunconsciousglobaltheinarosepaniccollectiveaandtryingofyearsaftertimethataroundpaperwhitethepublishingwerecypherpunkstheneurosesourallofsumthearetheyeconomyglobaltheofsystemnervouscentralthearemarketsadvanceinstuffdiscounttheythatlikearemarketscrashtostartedandcomingwasbitcoinsensedmarketstheinfact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.look,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.fact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.it'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.vitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.nowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.don'tfallforshitcoinery.keepyourdignity.gobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.youwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistento.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.getsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.openyourhearttobitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.it'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.chesttreasurethetodefibrillatormonetaryagenitalsthetogunstunait'slobotomylaunderingmoneybankmanhattanchasepaperthetoendanputsbitcoinfortunatelymoneyfiatofcatniprancidthebyeuthanizedbeenhaveinventivenessandimaginationsourheadsourindayallrerunsfriendsplayscatspsychoticbynowcontrolledunconsciouscollectivethemindsnocoiners'andshitcoiners'dulledhaveinbackatsomebuytohimhoney-badgeringstartedisincebitcoinbuyingmissschiffpeterwatchingofyearsandnonsensemoneyfiatpost-dumbofyearsfortywaythisbegottadon'tbelieveme?haveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?he'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy.maybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.meanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).jackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.stopfullparadisescammeraislondonbankstersandcriminalscareerroyalsuselessshitcoinersdementedprotectsandfavorssystemlegal'skuthethanreasonothernoformccormackpeterandchildrenandwomenoldharasswhohackslegallondonhigh-pricedofarmyhisandfaketoshiforparticularlysinceeverdownhillgoingbeenit'sandofwarsizeblocktheduringoffrippedheadstheirgotblockersbiglatelyverrogerfromheardanyonehaseverysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.it'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.andasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright).warandhatethanefficientmoreinfinitelyisloveofeconomythebeingcosmicinnerjointourandunconsciouscollectivetheupopenslovebitcoinuntilbeforeloveincentivizesthatmoneyaandeconomyanhadneverwe'veilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.theenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.bitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.removethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.bitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.blockgenesistheinthererightitseetochoosinganyonebyobservableprotocolbitcoingame-theorizedtheintobakedfactait'ssureforbitcoinminingstartwillwarmongersthetheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.towrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.bed-intheirduringamsterdaminroomhotelyoko'sandjohninupendsholerabbitbitcointhesomeforyeseveryonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.wearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.stacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.we'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.keisermax
FA CIXOT SI NIOCTIB Here's the bitter truth. .8002 fo sisirC laicnaniF labolG eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctiB It caused it. ?yllaeR Yes. .hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctiB desnes stekram ehT Markets are like that. .ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yehT Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. .sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yehT The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. .thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna — woN cimsoC eht fo eloh kcalb eht — gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctiB ehT In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. .retteb eb dluoc gnihton dnA Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. .syad eseht "stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT" tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyrevE Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. .derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof 1 reyaL s'tI          :tcaF It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. .tehtipe "tsilamixaM" eht htiw pu emac niretuB kilatiV Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. .yrenioctihs rof llaf t'noD Keep your dignity. .ecneirepxe ihsotaS elohw eht fo 1 reyaL eht ,tsilamixaM cixoT nioctiB oG You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. .ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtynA Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. .yticixot emos teG Get some bitcoin. .nioctiB ot traeh ruoy nepO It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. .senolc nworB semaJ dna notnilC egroeG tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'tI It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. .ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'tI Gotta be this way. .sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah )1102 ni kcab 1$ ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats I ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcS reteP gnihctaw fo sraey 01 dna( esnesnon yenom taif 1791-tsop bmud fo sraey ytroF The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. .yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruO Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. .slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'tI A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. ?em eveileb t'noD Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? .sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol FMI eht ffo yap ot "sdnoB onacloV" dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht — nioctib ni noillib 1$ enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekuB biyaN tnediserP deteewt I ".pid eht gniyub" s'eh meht gnillet ,meht gnitnuat s'eH I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. .yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod I Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. .)gnitirw fo emit eht ta( dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo %24 ,rodavlaS lE ni kcab ,elihwnaeM Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. .shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht ,etar siht tA (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP. .lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teG Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? .ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna 7102 fo raW eziS kcolB eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb giB Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. .esidarap remmacs a si nodnoL Full Stop. .NIOCTIB SUSREV NOITAZITENOMED FO ETAF SUOINIMONGI EHT GNICAF SI — DLOG DNA YENOM TAIF SULP ,SNIOCTIHS REHTO 000,21 DNA ,ADA ,PRX ,HTE ,VSB ,HCB — SEBANNAW NIOCTIB EHT FO ENO ELGNIS YREVE It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. .ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta %15 a eb ot dengised saw nioctib ,siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna ,yhw nialpxe em teL Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. .flesti etats eht dna dertah ,ecneloiv ,raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti ,htaed ot dlog dna taif ,snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dnA It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). .nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'eW Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. .eil t'nod srebmun ehT The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. .skcub-kcuc taif noillirt 2$ tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof ,elpmaxe rof ,natsinahgfA ni syot etah fo htrow NOILLIB 58$ tfel aciremA BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. .evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna ,evitnecni raw eht evomeR Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. .erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw ehT It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. .ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctiB ,thgir s'tahT In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. .gnihton yllautriv — elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctiB esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevoP Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. .eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyrevE We are getting our souls back and our minds. .sraey 01 rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah I dna ycatS We've seen some shit. .evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctiB sa — ysatsce dna ynoga eht — uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppaH MAX KEISER
fa cixot si nioctib here's the bitter truth. .8002 fo sisirc laicnanif labolg eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctib it caused it. ?yllaer yes. .hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctib desnes stekram eht markets are like that. .ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yeht markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. .sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yeht the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. .thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna — won cimsoc eht fo eloh kcalb eht — gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctib eht in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. .retteb eb dluoc gnihton dna nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. .syad eseht "stsilamixam nioctib cixot" tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyreve look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. .derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof 1 reyal s'ti          :tcaf it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. .tehtipe "tsilamixam" eht htiw pu emac niretub kilativ now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. .yrenioctihs rof llaf t'nod keep your dignity. .ecneirepxe ihsotas elohw eht fo 1 reyal eht ,tsilamixam cixot nioctib og you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. .ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtyna nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. .yticixot emos teg get some bitcoin. .nioctib ot traeh ruoy nepo it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. .senolc nworb semaj dna notnilc egroeg tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'ti it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. .ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'ti gotta be this way. .sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah )1102 ni kcab 1$ ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats i ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcs retep gnihctaw fo sraey 01 dna( esnesnon yenom taif 1791-tsop bmud fo sraey ytrof the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. .yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruo fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. .slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'ti a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. ?em eveileb t'nod have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? .sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol fmi eht ffo yap ot "sdnob onaclov" dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht — nioctib ni noillib 1$ enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekub biyan tnediserp deteewt i ".pid eht gniyub" s'eh meht gnillet ,meht gnitnuat s'eh i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. .yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod i maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. .)gnitirw fo emit eht ta( dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo %24 ,rodavlas le ni kcab ,elihwnaem jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. .shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixam nioctib cixot eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht ,etar siht ta (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp. .lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teg has anyone heard from roger ver lately? .ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna 7102 fo raw ezis kcolb eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb gib particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. .esidarap remmacs a si nodnol full stop. .nioctib susrev noitazitenomed fo etaf suoinimongi eht gnicaf si — dlog dna yenom taif sulp ,snioctihs rehto 000,21 dna ,ada ,prx ,hte ,vsb ,hcb — sebannaw nioctib eht fo eno elgnis yreve it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. .ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta %15 a eb ot dengised saw nioctib ,siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna ,yhw nialpxe em tel shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. .flesti etats eht dna dertah ,ecneloiv ,raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti ,htaed ot dlog dna taif ,snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dna it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). .nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'ew love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. .eil t'nod srebmun eht the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. .skcub-kcuc taif noillirt 2$ tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof ,elpmaxe rof ,natsinahgfa ni syot etah fo htrow noillib 58$ tfel acirema bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. .evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna ,evitnecni raw eht evomer bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. .erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw eht it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. .ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctib ,thgir s'taht in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. .gnihton yllautriv — elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctib esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevop yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. .eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyreve we are getting our souls back and our minds. .sraey 01 rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah i dna ycats we've seen some shit. .evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctib sa — ysatsce dna ynoga eht — uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppah max keiser
facixotsinioctibhere'sthebittertruth..8002fosisirclaicnaniflabolgehtotnoitcaeratonsawnioctibitcausedit.?yllaeryes..hsarcotdetratsdnagnimocsawnioctibdesnesstekramehtmarketsarelikethat..ecnavdaniffutstnuocsidyehtmarketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy..sesoruenruollafomusehterayehtthecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon..thgisstinistekramtaifdahtidna—woncimsocehtfoelohkcalbeht—gnineposawelohtibbarnioctibehtinfact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin..rettebebdluocgnihtondnanocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic..syadeseht"stsilamixamnioctibcixot"tuobagninialpmocs'ydobyrevelook,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol..derevocsidrodetnevnineebreves'tahtgnihttaergyreverof1reyals'ti:tcafit'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname..tehtipe"tsilamixam"ehthtiwpuemacniretubkilativnowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab..yrenioctihsrofllaft'nodkeepyourdignity..ecneirepxeihsotaselohwehtfo1reyaleht,tsilamixamcixotnioctibogyouwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue..otnetsilotdrahsigniraehhtrowgnihtynanice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved..yticixotemosteggetsomebitcoin..nioctibottraehruoynepoit'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all..senolcnworbsemajdnanotnilcegroegtubgnihtonfollufesrevinulellarapelohwanahtreiknufs'tiit'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums..ekatsgninrubaotdeitsreknablartnecevilffodeppirgniebniksfodnuosehts'tigottabethisway..sdnim'sreniocondna'srenioctihsdelludevah)1102nikcab1$taemosyubotmihgniregdab-yenohdetratsiecnisnioctibgniyubssimffihcsretepgnihctawfosraey01dna(esnesnonyenomtaif1791-tsopbmudfosraeyytrofthecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads..yenomtaiffopintacdicnarehtybdezinahtueneebevahssenevitnevnidnasnoitanigamiruofortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy..slatinegehtotnugnutsas'tiamonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.?emeveilebt'nodhaveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?.sehceelesohtfodirtegdnanaolfmiehtffoyapot"sdnobonaclov"dezilaretallocsgninraenioctiberutuffohtrowsnoillibllesdluohsehtaht—nioctibninoillib1$enimotseonaclovs'noitansihpatotgniogsawehdecnuonnaehnehwelekubbiyantnediserpdeteewti".pidehtgniyub"s'ehmehtgnillet,mehtgnitnuats'ehitaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit..yugtahttsurtyllaert'nodimaybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart..)gnitirwfoemitehtta(dezinioctibrepyhwonsiyrtnuocehtfo%24,rodavlaslenikcab,elihwnaemjackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing..shtnomxisnihtiwstsilamixamnioctibcixoteblliwyrtnuocelohweht,etarsihtta(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp..llehnioctihsecneirepxeotydaerteghasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?.ecnisrevellihnwodgniogneebs'tidna7102foraweziskcolbehtgnirudffodeppirsdaehriehttogsrekcolbgibparticularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters..esidarapremmacsasinodnolfullstop..nioctibsusrevnoitazitenomedfoetafsuoinimongiehtgnicafsi—dlogdnayenomtaifsulp,snioctihsrehto000,21dna,ada,prx,hte,vsb,hcb—sebannawnioctibehtfoenoelgnisyreveit'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty..ylppusygrenes'dlrowehtnokcatta%15aebotdengisedsawnioctib,sihtgniraeher'uoyemittsrifehtebthgimsihtdna,yhwnialpxeemtelshitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy..flestietatsehtdnadertah,ecneloiv,rawsezitenomedylsuoenatlumisti,htaedotdlogdnataif,snioctihssevratsnioctibsadnaitdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright)..nioctiblitnuerofebevolsezivitnecnitahtyenomadnaymonocenadahrevenev'ewloveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing..rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehtilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso..eilt'nodsrebmunehttheenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes..skcub-kcuctaifnoillirt2$tsocetamitseemostahtrawarof,elpmaxerof,natsinahgfanisyotetahfohtrownoillib58$tfelaciremabitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin..evitnecnietahehtevomeruoydna,evitnecnirawehtevomerbitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance..erusrofnioctibgninimtratslliwsregnomrawehtit'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock..rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehttowrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore..ygreneehtllaekatlliwnioctib,thgirs'tahtinsodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence..gnihtonyllautriv—elimsasaemasehtsiecaepfonoisolpxesihtroftsocehtdnarehtohcaerofevolsserpxednatcennocotgnikoolllasluosfosnoillibfoaesrebycaniyllaudividnisevlesruosserpxeyllufotsuswollanioctibesuacebsraeppasidroopgniebforaefehtesuacebsraeppasidytrevopyes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in..elohtibbarehtniecneirepxenworiehtevillliwenoyrevewearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds..sraey01roferehnignivilneebevahidnaycatswe'veseensomeshit..evoldnaecaephtiwtisecalperdnaetahdnaraefsreuqnocnioctibsa—ysatscednaynogaeht—uoyhtiwllatierahsotyppahmaxkeiser
FA CIXOT SI NIOCTIB Here's the bitter truth. fo sisirC laicnaniF labolG eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctiB It caused it. yllaeR Yes. hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctiB desnes stekram ehT Markets are like that. ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yehT Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yehT The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna woN cimsoC eht fo eloh kcalb eht gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctiB ehT In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. retteb eb dluoc gnihton dnA Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. syad eseht stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyrevE Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof reyaL s'tI tcaF It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. tehtipe tsilamixaM eht htiw pu emac niretuB kilatiV Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. yrenioctihs rof llaf t'noD Keep your dignity. ecneirepxe ihsotaS elohw eht fo reyaL eht tsilamixaM cixoT nioctiB oG You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtynA Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. yticixot emos teG Get some bitcoin. nioctiB ot traeh ruoy nepO It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. senolc nworB semaJ dna notnilC egroeG tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'tI It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'tI Gotta be this way. sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah ni kcab ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats I ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcS reteP gnihctaw fo sraey dna esnesnon yenom taif -tsop bmud fo sraey ytroF The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruO Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'tI A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. em eveileb t'noD Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol FMI eht ffo yap ot sdnoB onacloV dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht nioctib ni noillib enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekuB biyaN tnediserP deteewt I pid eht gniyub s'eh meht gnillet meht gnitnuat s'eH I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod I Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. gnitirw fo emit eht ta dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo rodavlaS lE ni kcab elihwnaeM Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht etar siht tA (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP. lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teG Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna fo raW eziS kcolB eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb giB Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. esidarap remmacs a si nodnoL Full Stop. NIOCTIB SUSREV NOITAZITENOMED FO ETAF SUOINIMONGI EHT GNICAF SI DLOG DNA YENOM TAIF SULP SNIOCTIHS REHTO DNA ADA PRX HTE VSB HCB SEBANNAW NIOCTIB EHT FO ENO ELGNIS YREVE It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta a eb ot dengised saw nioctib siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna yhw nialpxe em teL Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. flesti etats eht dna dertah ecneloiv raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti htaed ot dlog dna taif snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dnA It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'eW Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. eil t'nod srebmun ehT The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. skcub-kcuc taif noillirt tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof elpmaxe rof natsinahgfA ni syot etah fo htrow NOILLIB tfel aciremA BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna evitnecni raw eht evomeR Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw ehT It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctiB thgir s'tahT In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. gnihton yllautriv elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctiB esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevoP Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyrevE We are getting our souls back and our minds. sraey rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah I dna ycatS We've seen some shit. evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctiB sa ysatsce dna ynoga eht uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppaH MAX KEISER
fa cixot si nioctib here's the bitter truth. fo sisirc laicnanif labolg eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctib it caused it. yllaer yes. hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctib desnes stekram eht markets are like that. ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yeht markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yeht the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna won cimsoc eht fo eloh kcalb eht gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctib eht in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. retteb eb dluoc gnihton dna nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. syad eseht stsilamixam nioctib cixot tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyreve look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof reyal s'ti tcaf it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. tehtipe tsilamixam eht htiw pu emac niretub kilativ now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. yrenioctihs rof llaf t'nod keep your dignity. ecneirepxe ihsotas elohw eht fo reyal eht tsilamixam cixot nioctib og you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtyna nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. yticixot emos teg get some bitcoin. nioctib ot traeh ruoy nepo it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. senolc nworb semaj dna notnilc egroeg tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'ti it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'ti gotta be this way. sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah ni kcab ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats i ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcs retep gnihctaw fo sraey dna esnesnon yenom taif -tsop bmud fo sraey ytrof the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruo fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'ti a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. em eveileb t'nod have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol fmi eht ffo yap ot sdnob onaclov dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht nioctib ni noillib enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekub biyan tnediserp deteewt i pid eht gniyub s'eh meht gnillet meht gnitnuat s'eh i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod i maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. gnitirw fo emit eht ta dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo rodavlas le ni kcab elihwnaem jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixam nioctib cixot eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht etar siht ta (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp. lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teg has anyone heard from roger ver lately? ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna fo raw ezis kcolb eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb gib particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. esidarap remmacs a si nodnol full stop. nioctib susrev noitazitenomed fo etaf suoinimongi eht gnicaf si dlog dna yenom taif sulp snioctihs rehto dna ada prx hte vsb hcb sebannaw nioctib eht fo eno elgnis yreve it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta a eb ot dengised saw nioctib siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna yhw nialpxe em tel shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. flesti etats eht dna dertah ecneloiv raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti htaed ot dlog dna taif snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dna it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'ew love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. eil t'nod srebmun eht the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. skcub-kcuc taif noillirt tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof elpmaxe rof natsinahgfa ni syot etah fo htrow noillib tfel acirema bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna evitnecni raw eht evomer bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw eht it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctib thgir s'taht in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. gnihton yllautriv elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctib esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevop yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyreve we are getting our souls back and our minds. sraey rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah i dna ycats we've seen some shit. evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctib sa ysatsce dna ynoga eht uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppah max keiser
facixotsinioctibhere'sthebittertruth.fosisirclaicnaniflabolgehtotnoitcaeratonsawnioctibitcausedit.yllaeryes.hsarcotdetratsdnagnimocsawnioctibdesnesstekramehtmarketsarelikethat.ecnavdaniffutstnuocsidyehtmarketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.sesoruenruollafomusehterayehtthecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon.thgisstinistekramtaifdahtidnawoncimsocehtfoelohkcalbehtgnineposawelohtibbarnioctibehtinfact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin.rettebebdluocgnihtondnanocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.syadesehtstsilamixamnioctibcixottuobagninialpmocs'ydobyrevelook,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.derevocsidrodetnevnineebreves'tahtgnihttaergyreverofreyals'titcafit'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.tehtipetsilamixamehthtiwpuemacniretubkilativnowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.yrenioctihsrofllaft'nodkeepyourdignity.ecneirepxeihsotaselohwehtforeyalehttsilamixamcixotnioctibogyouwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue.otnetsilotdrahsigniraehhtrowgnihtynanice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.yticixotemosteggetsomebitcoin.nioctibottraehruoynepoit'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.senolcnworbsemajdnanotnilcegroegtubgnihtonfollufesrevinulellarapelohwanahtreiknufs'tiit'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums.ekatsgninrubaotdeitsreknablartnecevilffodeppirgniebniksfodnuosehts'tigottabethisway.sdnim'sreniocondna'srenioctihsdelludevahnikcabtaemosyubotmihgniregdab-yenohdetratsiecnisnioctibgniyubssimffihcsretepgnihctawfosraeydnaesnesnonyenomtaif-tsopbmudfosraeyytrofthecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.yenomtaiffopintacdicnarehtybdezinahtueneebevahssenevitnevnidnasnoitanigamiruofortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy.slatinegehtotnugnutsas'tiamonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.emeveilebt'nodhaveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?sehceelesohtfodirtegdnanaolfmiehtffoyapotsdnobonaclovdezilaretallocsgninraenioctiberutuffohtrowsnoillibllesdluohsehtahtnioctibninoillibenimotseonaclovs'noitansihpatotgniogsawehdecnuonnaehnehwelekubbiyantnediserpdeteewtipidehtgniyubs'ehmehtgnilletmehtgnitnuats'ehitaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit.yugtahttsurtyllaert'nodimaybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.gnitirwfoemitehttadezinioctibrepyhwonsiyrtnuocehtforodavlaslenikcabelihwnaemjackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.shtnomxisnihtiwstsilamixamnioctibcixoteblliwyrtnuocelohwehtetarsihtta(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp.llehnioctihsecneirepxeotydaerteghasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?ecnisrevellihnwodgniogneebs'tidnaforaweziskcolbehtgnirudffodeppirsdaehriehttogsrekcolbgibparticularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.esidarapremmacsasinodnolfullstop.nioctibsusrevnoitazitenomedfoetafsuoinimongiehtgnicafsidlogdnayenomtaifsulpsnioctihsrehtodnaadaprxhtevsbhcbsebannawnioctibehtfoenoelgnisyreveit'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.ylppusygrenes'dlrowehtnokcattaaebotdengisedsawnioctibsihtgniraeher'uoyemittsrifehtebthgimsihtdnayhwnialpxeemtelshitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.flestietatsehtdnadertahecneloivrawsezitenomedylsuoenatlumistihtaedotdlogdnataifsnioctihssevratsnioctibsadnaitdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright).nioctiblitnuerofebevolsezivitnecnitahtyenomadnaymonocenadahrevenev'ewloveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing.rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehtilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso.eilt'nodsrebmunehttheenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.skcub-kcuctaifnoillirttsocetamitseemostahtrawarofelpmaxerofnatsinahgfanisyotetahfohtrownoillibtfelaciremabitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.evitnecnietahehtevomeruoydnaevitnecnirawehtevomerbitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.erusrofnioctibgninimtratslliwsregnomrawehtit'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock.rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehttowrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore.ygreneehtllaekatlliwnioctibthgirs'tahtinsodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence.gnihtonyllautrivelimsasaemasehtsiecaepfonoisolpxesihtroftsocehtdnarehtohcaerofevolsserpxednatcennocotgnikoolllasluosfosnoillibfoaesrebycaniyllaudividnisevlesruosserpxeyllufotsuswollanioctibesuacebsraeppasidroopgniebforaefehtesuacebsraeppasidytrevopyes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in.elohtibbarehtniecneirepxenworiehtevillliwenoyrevewearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.sraeyroferehnignivilneebevahidnaycatswe'veseensomeshit.evoldnaecaephtiwtisecalperdnaetahdnaraefsreuqnocnioctibsaysatscednaynogaehtuoyhtiwllatierahsotyppahmaxkeiser
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF it caused It of Crisis Financial Global the to reaction a not was Bitcoin truth bitter the Here's Really?          Yes. The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. unloved and gullible the for listening easy are shitcoiners and men con from words pleasant Nice to listen to hard is hearing worth Anything true weren't this if hole rabbit Bitcoin's of muck the in hands bare your with blindly digging be wouldn't You experience Satoshi whole the of Layer the Maximalist Toxic Bitcoin Go dignity your Keep shitcoinery for fall Don't lab mEthereum the at stake of proof slinging he's Now epithet Maximalist the with up came Buterin Vitalik name bad a it give that coattails Bitcoins riding by in cash to trying opportunists shameless the of language the only It's discovered or invented been ever that's thing great every for Layer It's Fact protocol the of Layer is toxicity Look days these Maximalists Bitcoin Toxic about complaining Everybody's toxic view this consider Bitcoiners some even and shitcoiners and Nocoiners better be could nothing And Bitcoin by caused is days these you around see you chaos the all fact In Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. heart at shitcoiner a he's because Maybe guy that trust really don't I it on moved hasn't he far so but pals crony Street Wall his to bunch a sell could he figuring tweet the in Novogratz Mike tagged I leeches those of rid get and loan IMF the off pay to Bonds Volcano collateralized earnings bitcoin future of worth billions sell should he that bitcoin in billion mine to volcanoes nation's his tap to going was he announced he when Bukele Nayib President tweeted I dip the buying he's them telling them taunting He's Twitter on IMF Fund Monetary International the trolling Salvador El of president the seen you Have me believe Don't Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP.        Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. BITCOIN VERSUS DEMONETIZATION OF FATE IGNOMINIOUS THE FACING IS GOLD AND MONEY FIAT PLUS SHITCOINS OTHER AND ADA XRP ETH BSV BCH WANNABES BITCOIN THE OF ONE SINGLE EVERY It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. cuck-bucks fiat trillion cost estimate some that war a for example for Afghanistan in toys hate of worth BILLION left America schemes Ponzi money fiat their with misery and poverty war from profit who banksters of class uber an of service the in all going it keep to wars and printing money requires and wasteful gargantuanly is form current its in industry energy The lie don't numbers The espresso iced of gallons and spreadsheets over pouring days their spend who Bent Marty Carter Nic Saylor Michael eggheads these to listen I BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy The To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. minds our and back souls our getting are We hole rabbit the in experience own their live will Everyone Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af it caused it of crisis financial global the to reaction a not was bitcoin truth bitter the here's really?          yes. the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. unloved and gullible the for listening easy are shitcoiners and men con from words pleasant nice to listen to hard is hearing worth anything true weren't this if hole rabbit bitcoin's of muck the in hands bare your with blindly digging be wouldn't you experience satoshi whole the of layer the maximalist toxic bitcoin go dignity your keep shitcoinery for fall don't lab methereum the at stake of proof slinging he's now epithet maximalist the with up came buterin vitalik name bad a it give that coattails bitcoins riding by in cash to trying opportunists shameless the of language the only it's discovered or invented been ever that's thing great every for layer it's fact protocol the of layer is toxicity look days these maximalists bitcoin toxic about complaining everybody's toxic view this consider bitcoiners some even and shitcoiners and nocoiners better be could nothing and bitcoin by caused is days these you around see you chaos the all fact in get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. heart at shitcoiner a he's because maybe guy that trust really don't i it on moved hasn't he far so but pals crony street wall his to bunch a sell could he figuring tweet the in novogratz mike tagged i leeches those of rid get and loan imf the off pay to bonds volcano collateralized earnings bitcoin future of worth billions sell should he that bitcoin in billion mine to volcanoes nation's his tap to going was he announced he when bukele nayib president tweeted i dip the buying he's them telling them taunting he's twitter on imf fund monetary international the trolling salvador el of president the seen you have me believe don't meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp.        get ready to experience shitcoin hell. has anyone heard from roger ver lately? big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. london is a scammer paradise. full stop. bitcoin versus demonetization of fate ignominious the facing is gold and money fiat plus shitcoins other and ada xrp eth bsv bch wannabes bitcoin the of one single every it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. cuck-bucks fiat trillion cost estimate some that war a for example for afghanistan in toys hate of worth billion left america schemes ponzi money fiat their with misery and poverty war from profit who banksters of class uber an of service the in all going it keep to wars and printing money requires and wasteful gargantuanly is form current its in industry energy the lie don't numbers the espresso iced of gallons and spreadsheets over pouring days their spend who bent marty carter nic saylor michael eggheads these to listen i bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy the to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. minds our and back souls our getting are we hole rabbit the in experience own their live will everyone stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. max keiser
bitcoinistoxicafitcauseditofcrisisfinancialglobalthetoreactionanotwasbitcointruthbitterthehere'sreally?yes.themarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.marketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.unlovedandgullibletheforlisteningeasyareshitcoinersandmenconfromwordspleasantnicetolistentohardishearingworthanythingtrueweren'tthisifholerabbitbitcoin'sofmucktheinhandsbareyourwithblindlydiggingbewouldn'tyouexperiencesatoshiwholetheoflayerthemaximalisttoxicbitcoingodignityyourkeepshitcoineryforfalldon'tlabmethereumtheatstakeofproofslinginghe'snowepithetmaximalistthewithupcamebuterinvitaliknamebadaitgivethatcoattailsbitcoinsridingbyincashtotryingopportunistsshamelesstheoflanguagetheonlyit'sdiscoveredorinventedbeeneverthat'sthinggreateveryforlayerit'sfactprotocoltheoflayeristoxicitylookdaysthesemaximalistsbitcointoxicaboutcomplainingeverybody'stoxicviewthisconsiderbitcoinerssomeevenandshitcoinersandnocoinersbetterbecouldnothingandbitcoinbycausedisdaystheseyouaroundseeyouchaostheallfactingetsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.openyourhearttobitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.it'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.gottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.thecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.ourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals.amonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.heartatshitcoinerahe'sbecausemaybeguythattrustreallydon'tiitonmovedhasn'thefarsobutpalscronystreetwallhistobunchasellcouldhefiguringtweettheinnovogratzmiketaggedileechesthoseofridgetandloanimftheoffpaytobondsvolcanocollateralizedearningsbitcoinfutureofworthbillionssellshouldhethatbitcoininbillionminetovolcanoesnation'shistaptogoingwasheannouncedhewhenbukelenayibpresidenttweetedidipthebuyinghe'sthemtellingthemtauntinghe'stwitteronimffundmonetaryinternationalthetrollingsalvadorelofpresidenttheseenyouhavemebelievedon'tmeanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).jackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.hasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?bigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.particularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.londonisascammerparadise.fullstop.bitcoinversusdemonetizationoffateignominiousthefacingisgoldandmoneyfiatplusshitcoinsotherandadaxrpethbsvbchwannabesbitcointheofonesingleeveryit'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.andasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright).we'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.loveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.cuck-bucksfiattrillioncostestimatesomethatwaraforexampleforafghanistanintoyshateofworthbillionleftamericaschemesponzimoneyfiattheirwithmiseryandpovertywarfromprofitwhobankstersofclassuberanofservicetheinallgoingitkeeptowarsandprintingmoneyrequiresandwastefulgargantuanlyisformcurrentitsinindustryenergytheliedon'tnumberstheespressoicedofgallonsandspreadsheetsoverpouringdaystheirspendwhobentmartycarternicsaylormichaeleggheadsthesetolistenibitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.removethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.bitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.thewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.it'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock.warandhatethanefficientmoreinfinitelyisloveofeconomythetowrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.yes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in.mindsourandbacksoulsourgettingareweholerabbittheinexperienceowntheirlivewilleveryonestacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.we'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.maxkeiser
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF .ti desuac tI .8002 fo sisirC laicnaniF labolG eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctiB .hturt rettib eht s'ereH Really?          Yes. The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. .devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ,eciN .ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtynA .eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctiB fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoY .ecneirepxe ihsotaS elohw eht fo 1 reyaL eht ,tsilamixaM cixoT nioctiB oG .ytingid ruoy peeK .yrenioctihs rof llaf t'noD .bal muerehtEm eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh woN .tehtipe "tsilamixaM" eht htiw pu emac niretuB kilatiV .eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctiB gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'tI .derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof 1 reyaL s'tI          :tcaF .locotorp eht fo 1 reyaL si yticixot ,kooL .syad eseht "stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT" tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyrevE .cixot weiv siht redisnoc ,srenioctiB emos neve dna ,srenioctihs dna sreniocoN .retteb eb dluoc gnihton dnA .nioctiB yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla ,tcaf nI Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. .traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyaM .yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod I .ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub ,slap ynorc teertS llaW sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif ,teewt eht ni ztargovoN ekiM deggat I .sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol FMI eht ffo yap ot "sdnoB onacloV" dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht — nioctib ni noillib 1$ enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekuB biyaN tnediserP deteewt I ".pid eht gniyub" s'eh meht gnillet ,meht gnitnuat s'eH ?rettiwT no )FMI( dnuF yratenoM lanoitanretnI eht gnillort rodavlaS lE fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evaH ?em eveileb t'noD Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP.        Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. .NIOCTIB SUSREV NOITAZITENOMED FO ETAF SUOINIMONGI EHT GNICAF SI — DLOG DNA YENOM TAIF SULP ,SNIOCTIHS REHTO 000,21 DNA ,ADA ,PRX ,HTE ,VSB ,HCB — SEBANNAW NIOCTIB EHT FO ENO ELGNIS YREVE It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. .skcub-kcuc taif noillirt 2$ tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof ,elpmaxe rof ,natsinahgfA ni syot etah fo htrow NOILLIB 58$ tfel aciremA .semehcs iznoP yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop ,raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla — gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene ehT .eil t'nod srebmun ehT .osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw     — tneB ytraM ,retraC ciN ,rolyaS leahciM — sdaehgge eseht ot netsil I BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. .sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era eW .eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyrevE Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af .ti desuac ti .8002 fo sisirc laicnanif labolg eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctib .hturt rettib eht s'ereh really?          yes. the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. .devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ,ecin .ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtyna .eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctib fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoy .ecneirepxe ihsotas elohw eht fo 1 reyal eht ,tsilamixam cixot nioctib og .ytingid ruoy peek .yrenioctihs rof llaf t'nod .bal muerehtem eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh won .tehtipe "tsilamixam" eht htiw pu emac niretub kilativ .eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctib gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'ti .derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof 1 reyal s'ti          :tcaf .locotorp eht fo 1 reyal si yticixot ,kool .syad eseht "stsilamixam nioctib cixot" tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyreve .cixot weiv siht redisnoc ,srenioctib emos neve dna ,srenioctihs dna sreniocon .retteb eb dluoc gnihton dna .nioctib yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla ,tcaf ni get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. .traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyam .yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod i .ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub ,slap ynorc teerts llaw sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif ,teewt eht ni ztargovon ekim deggat i .sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol fmi eht ffo yap ot "sdnob onaclov" dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht — nioctib ni noillib 1$ enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekub biyan tnediserp deteewt i ".pid eht gniyub" s'eh meht gnillet ,meht gnitnuat s'eh ?rettiwt no )fmi( dnuf yratenom lanoitanretni eht gnillort rodavlas le fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evah ?em eveileb t'nod meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp.        get ready to experience shitcoin hell. has anyone heard from roger ver lately? big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. london is a scammer paradise. full stop. .nioctib susrev noitazitenomed fo etaf suoinimongi eht gnicaf si — dlog dna yenom taif sulp ,snioctihs rehto 000,21 dna ,ada ,prx ,hte ,vsb ,hcb — sebannaw nioctib eht fo eno elgnis yreve it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. .skcub-kcuc taif noillirt 2$ tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof ,elpmaxe rof ,natsinahgfa ni syot etah fo htrow noillib 58$ tfel acirema .semehcs iznop yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop ,raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla — gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene eht .eil t'nod srebmun eht .osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw     — tneb ytram ,retrac cin ,rolyas leahcim — sdaehgge eseht ot netsil i bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. .sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era ew .eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyreve stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. max keiser
bitcoinistoxicaf.tidesuacti.8002fosisirclaicnaniflabolgehtotnoitcaeratonsawnioctib.hturtrettibehts'erehreally?yes.themarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.marketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight..devolnudnaelbillugehtrofgninetsilysaeerasrenioctihsdnanemnocmorfsdrowtnasaelp,ecin.otnetsilotdrahsigniraehhtrowgnihtyna.eurtt'nerewsihtfielohtibbars'nioctibfokcumehtnisdnaherabruoyhtiwyldnilbgniggidebt'ndluowuoy.ecneirepxeihsotaselohwehtfo1reyaleht,tsilamixamcixotnioctibog.ytingidruoypeek.yrenioctihsrofllaft'nod.balmuerehtemehttaekatsfofoorpgnignilss'ehwon.tehtipe"tsilamixam"ehthtiwpuemacniretubkilativ.emandabatievigtahtsliattaocsnioctibgnidirybnihsacotgniyrtstsinutropposselemahsehtfoegaugnalehtylnos'ti.derevocsidrodetnevnineebreves'tahtgnihttaergyreverof1reyals'ti:tcaf.locotorpehtfo1reyalsiyticixot,kool.syadeseht"stsilamixamnioctibcixot"tuobagninialpmocs'ydobyreve.cixotweivsihtredisnoc,srenioctibemosnevedna,srenioctihsdnasreniocon.rettebebdluocgnihtondna.nioctibybdesuacsisyadesehtuoydnuoraeesuoysoahcehtlla,tcafnigetsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.openyourhearttobitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.it'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.gottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.thecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.ourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals.amonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest..traehtarenioctihsas'ehesuacebebyam.yugtahttsurtyllaert'nodi.tinodevomt'nsahehrafostub,slapynorcteertsllawsihothcnuballesdluocehgnirugif,teewtehtniztargovonekimdeggati.sehceelesohtfodirtegdnanaolfmiehtffoyapot"sdnobonaclov"dezilaretallocsgninraenioctiberutuffohtrowsnoillibllesdluohsehtaht—nioctibninoillib1$enimotseonaclovs'noitansihpatotgniogsawehdecnuonnaehnehwelekubbiyantnediserpdeteewti".pidehtgniyub"s'ehmehtgnillet,mehtgnitnuats'eh?rettiwtno)fmi(dnufyratenomlanoitanretniehtgnillortrodavlaslefotnediserpehtneesuoyevah?emeveilebt'nodmeanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).jackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.hasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?bigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.particularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.londonisascammerparadise.fullstop..nioctibsusrevnoitazitenomedfoetafsuoinimongiehtgnicafsi—dlogdnayenomtaifsulp,snioctihsrehto000,21dna,ada,prx,hte,vsb,hcb—sebannawnioctibehtfoenoelgnisyreveit'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.andasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright).we'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.loveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar..skcub-kcuctaifnoillirt2$tsocetamitseemostahtrawarof,elpmaxerof,natsinahgfanisyotetahfohtrownoillib58$tfelacirema.semehcsiznopyenomtaifriehthtiwyresimdnaytrevop,rawmorftiforpohwsretsknabfossalcrebunafoecivresehtnilla—gniogtipeekotsrawdnagnitnirpyenomseriuqerdnalufetsawylnautnagragsimroftnerrucstiniyrtsudniygreneeht.eilt'nodsrebmuneht.osserpsedecifosnollagdnasteehsdaerpsrevogniruopsyadriehtdnepsohw—tnebytram,retraccin,rolyasleahcim—sdaehggeesehtotnetsilibitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.removethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.bitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.thewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.it'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock..rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehttowrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.yes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in..sdnimruodnakcabsluosruognittegeraew.elohtibbarehtniecneirepxenworiehtevillliwenoyrevestacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.we'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.maxkeiser
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF ti desuac tI fo sisirC laicnaniF labolG eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctiB hturt rettib eht s'ereH Really?          Yes. The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp eciN ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtynA eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctiB fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoY ecneirepxe ihsotaS elohw eht fo reyaL eht tsilamixaM cixoT nioctiB oG ytingid ruoy peeK yrenioctihs rof llaf t'noD bal muerehtEm eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh woN tehtipe tsilamixaM eht htiw pu emac niretuB kilatiV eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctiB gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'tI derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof reyaL s'tI tcaF locotorp eht fo reyaL si yticixot kooL syad eseht stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyrevE cixot weiv siht redisnoc srenioctiB emos neve dna srenioctihs dna sreniocoN retteb eb dluoc gnihton dnA nioctiB yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla tcaf nI Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyaM yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod I ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub slap ynorc teertS llaW sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif teewt eht ni ztargovoN ekiM deggat I sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol FMI eht ffo yap ot sdnoB onacloV dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht nioctib ni noillib enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekuB biyaN tnediserP deteewt I pid eht gniyub s'eh meht gnillet meht gnitnuat s'eH rettiwT no FMI dnuF yratenoM lanoitanretnI eht gnillort rodavlaS lE fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evaH em eveileb t'noD Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP.        Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. NIOCTIB SUSREV NOITAZITENOMED FO ETAF SUOINIMONGI EHT GNICAF SI DLOG DNA YENOM TAIF SULP SNIOCTIHS REHTO DNA ADA PRX HTE VSB HCB SEBANNAW NIOCTIB EHT FO ENO ELGNIS YREVE It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. skcub-kcuc taif noillirt tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof elpmaxe rof natsinahgfA ni syot etah fo htrow NOILLIB tfel aciremA semehcs iznoP yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene ehT eil t'nod srebmun ehT osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw tneB ytraM retraC ciN rolyaS leahciM sdaehgge eseht ot netsil I BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era eW eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyrevE Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af ti desuac ti fo sisirc laicnanif labolg eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctib hturt rettib eht s'ereh really?          yes. the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ecin ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtyna eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctib fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoy ecneirepxe ihsotas elohw eht fo reyal eht tsilamixam cixot nioctib og ytingid ruoy peek yrenioctihs rof llaf t'nod bal muerehtem eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh won tehtipe tsilamixam eht htiw pu emac niretub kilativ eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctib gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'ti derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof reyal s'ti tcaf locotorp eht fo reyal si yticixot kool syad eseht stsilamixam nioctib cixot tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyreve cixot weiv siht redisnoc srenioctib emos neve dna srenioctihs dna sreniocon retteb eb dluoc gnihton dna nioctib yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla tcaf ni get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyam yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod i ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub slap ynorc teerts llaw sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif teewt eht ni ztargovon ekim deggat i sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol fmi eht ffo yap ot sdnob onaclov dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht nioctib ni noillib enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekub biyan tnediserp deteewt i pid eht gniyub s'eh meht gnillet meht gnitnuat s'eh rettiwt no fmi dnuf yratenom lanoitanretni eht gnillort rodavlas le fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evah em eveileb t'nod meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp.        get ready to experience shitcoin hell. has anyone heard from roger ver lately? big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. london is a scammer paradise. full stop. nioctib susrev noitazitenomed fo etaf suoinimongi eht gnicaf si dlog dna yenom taif sulp snioctihs rehto dna ada prx hte vsb hcb sebannaw nioctib eht fo eno elgnis yreve it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. skcub-kcuc taif noillirt tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof elpmaxe rof natsinahgfa ni syot etah fo htrow noillib tfel acirema semehcs iznop yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene eht eil t'nod srebmun eht osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw tneb ytram retrac cin rolyas leahcim sdaehgge eseht ot netsil i bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era ew eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyreve stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. max keiser
bitcoinistoxicaftidesuactifosisirclaicnaniflabolgehtotnoitcaeratonsawnioctibhturtrettibehts'erehreally?yes.themarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.marketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.devolnudnaelbillugehtrofgninetsilysaeerasrenioctihsdnanemnocmorfsdrowtnasaelpecinotnetsilotdrahsigniraehhtrowgnihtynaeurtt'nerewsihtfielohtibbars'nioctibfokcumehtnisdnaherabruoyhtiwyldnilbgniggidebt'ndluowuoyecneirepxeihsotaselohwehtforeyalehttsilamixamcixotnioctibogytingidruoypeekyrenioctihsrofllaft'nodbalmuerehtemehttaekatsfofoorpgnignilss'ehwontehtipetsilamixamehthtiwpuemacniretubkilativemandabatievigtahtsliattaocsnioctibgnidirybnihsacotgniyrtstsinutropposselemahsehtfoegaugnalehtylnos'tiderevocsidrodetnevnineebreves'tahtgnihttaergyreverofreyals'titcaflocotorpehtforeyalsiyticixotkoolsyadesehtstsilamixamnioctibcixottuobagninialpmocs'ydobyrevecixotweivsihtredisnocsrenioctibemosnevednasrenioctihsdnasrenioconrettebebdluocgnihtondnanioctibybdesuacsisyadesehtuoydnuoraeesuoysoahcehtllatcafnigetsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.openyourhearttobitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.it'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.gottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.thecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.ourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals.amonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.traehtarenioctihsas'ehesuacebebyamyugtahttsurtyllaert'noditinodevomt'nsahehrafostubslapynorcteertsllawsihothcnuballesdluocehgnirugifteewtehtniztargovonekimdeggatisehceelesohtfodirtegdnanaolfmiehtffoyapotsdnobonaclovdezilaretallocsgninraenioctiberutuffohtrowsnoillibllesdluohsehtahtnioctibninoillibenimotseonaclovs'noitansihpatotgniogsawehdecnuonnaehnehwelekubbiyantnediserpdeteewtipidehtgniyubs'ehmehtgnilletmehtgnitnuats'ehrettiwtnofmidnufyratenomlanoitanretniehtgnillortrodavlaslefotnediserpehtneesuoyevahemeveilebt'nodmeanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).jackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.hasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?bigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.particularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.londonisascammerparadise.fullstop.nioctibsusrevnoitazitenomedfoetafsuoinimongiehtgnicafsidlogdnayenomtaifsulpsnioctihsrehtodnaadaprxhtevsbhcbsebannawnioctibehtfoenoelgnisyreveit'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.andasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright).we'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.loveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.skcub-kcuctaifnoillirttsocetamitseemostahtrawarofelpmaxerofnatsinahgfanisyotetahfohtrownoillibtfelaciremasemehcsiznopyenomtaifriehthtiwyresimdnaytrevoprawmorftiforpohwsretsknabfossalcrebunafoecivresehtnillagniogtipeekotsrawdnagnitnirpyenomseriuqerdnalufetsawylnautnagragsimroftnerrucstiniyrtsudniygreneehteilt'nodsrebmunehtosserpsedecifosnollagdnasteehsdaerpsrevogniruopsyadriehtdnepsohwtnebytramretraccinrolyasleahcimsdaehggeesehtotnetsilibitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.removethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.bitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.thewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.it'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock.rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehttowrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.yes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in.sdnimruodnakcabsluosruognittegeraewelohtibbarehtniecneirepxenworiehtevillliwenoyrevestacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.we'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.maxkeiser
AF TOXIC IS BITCOIN truth bitter the Here's of Crisis Financial Global the to reaction a not was Bitcoin it caused It Really Yes crash to started and coming was Bitcoin sensed markets The that like are Markets advance in stuff discount They economy global the of system nervous central the are Markets neuroses our all of sum the are They Dimon Jamie and Street Wall arsonists bank central traders stock terrorists banking printers money of unconscious global the in arose panic collective a and trying of years after time that around paper white the publishing were cypherpunks The sight its in markets fiat had it and Now Cosmic the of hole black the opening was hole rabbit Bitcoin The Bitcoin by caused is days these you around see you chaos the all fact In better be could nothing And toxic view this consider Bitcoiners some even and shitcoiners and Nocoiners days these Maximalists Bitcoin Toxic about complaining Everybody's protocol the of Layer is toxicity Look discovered or invented been ever that's thing great every for Layer It's Fact name bad a it give that coattails Bitcoins riding by in cash to trying opportunists shameless the of language the only It's epithet Maximalist the with up came Buterin Vitalik lab mEthereum the at stake of proof slinging he's Now shitcoinery for fall Don't dignity your Keep experience Satoshi whole the of Layer the Maximalist Toxic Bitcoin Go true weren't this if hole rabbit Bitcoin's of muck the in hands bare your with blindly digging be wouldn't You to listen to hard is hearing worth Anything unloved and gullible the for listening easy are shitcoiners and men con from words pleasant Nice toxicity some Get bitcoin some Get Bitcoin to heart your Open y'all here in up ghetto UTXO freaking the It's clones Brown James and Clinton George but nothing of full universe parallel whole a than funkier It's ultimatums with Vatican the nailing Luther Martin It's stake burning a to tied bankers central live off ripped being skin of sound the It's way this be Gotta minds nocoiners' and shitcoiners' dulled have in back at some buy to him honey-badgering started I since bitcoin buying miss Schiff Peter watching of years and nonsense money fiat post- dumb of years Forty heads our in day all reruns Friends plays cats psychotic by now controlled unconscious collective The money fiat of catnip rancid the by euthanized been have inventiveness and imaginations Our lobotomy laundering money Bank Manhattan chase paper the to end an puts bitcoin Fortunately genitals the to gun stun a It's chest treasure the to defibrillator monetary A me believe Don't Twitter on IMF Fund Monetary International the trolling Salvador El of president the seen you Have leeches those of rid get and loan IMF the off pay to Bonds Volcano collateralized earnings bitcoin future of worth billions sell should he that bitcoin in billion mine to volcanoes nation's his tap to going was he announced he when Bukele Nayib President tweeted I dip the buying he's them telling them taunting He's it on moved hasn't he far so but pals crony Street Wall his to bunch a sell could he figuring tweet the in Novogratz Mike tagged I guy that trust really don't I heart at shitcoiner a he's because Maybe writing of time the at hyperbitcoinized now is country the of Salvador El in back Meanwhile growing and mind-bending a to day a sign-ups new from gone has app Strike Mallers' Jack months six within Maximalists Bitcoin Toxic be will country whole the rate this At XRP at over salesmen oil snake that for fell you Bhutan Sorry hell shitcoin experience to ready Get lately Ver Roger from heard anyone Has since ever downhill going been it's and of War Size Block the during off ripped heads their got blockers Big banksters and criminals career Royals useless shitcoiners demented protects and favors system legal 's K U the than reason other no for McCormack Peter and children and women old harass who hacks legal London high-priced of army his and Faketoshi for Particularly paradise scammer a is London Stop Full BITCOIN VERSUS DEMONETIZATION OF FATE IGNOMINIOUS THE FACING IS GOLD AND MONEY FIAT PLUS SHITCOINS OTHER AND ADA XRP ETH BSV BCH WANNABES BITCOIN THE OF ONE SINGLE EVERY certainty mathematical guaranteed a It's supply energy world's the on attack a be to designed was bitcoin this hearing you're time first the be might this and why explain me Let energy available all of conquest insatiable Bitcoin's of result the as death to starve will gold and fiat Shitcoins itself state the and hatred violence war demonetizes simultaneously it death to gold and fiat shitcoins starves bitcoin as And right was Costello Elvis understanding and love peace history human in time first the for monetizing by this does It bitcoin until before love incentivizes that money a and economy an had never We've being cosmic inner joint our and unconscious collective the up opens Love war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy The espresso iced of gallons and spreadsheets over pouring days their spend who Bent Marty Carter Nic Saylor Michael eggheads these to listen I lie don't numbers The schemes Ponzi money fiat their with misery and poverty war from profit who banksters of class uber an of service the in all going it keep to wars and printing money requires and wasteful gargantuanly is form current its in industry energy The cuck-bucks fiat trillion cost estimate some that war a for example for Afghanistan in toys hate of worth BILLION left America bitcoin perfect with money fiat poppy-harvesting corpse-ridden oil-dripping replacing by THIS ALL FIXES BITCOIN incentive hate the remove you and incentive war the Remove chance a given if tendency natural most our love with gap the fills Bitcoin sure for bitcoin mining start will warmongers The Block Genesis the in there right it see to choosing anyone by observable protocol Bitcoin game-theorized the into baked fact a It's war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy The more or by drops supply energy global on attack its makes Bitcoin while even consumption energy overall the gold or shitcoins fiat than in wealth store and transact to efficient more infinitely is bitcoin because love of efficiencies the economy love and peace a to economy violence and war a from move we as up this wrap To energy the all take will Bitcoin right That's existence our in time first the for monetized gets peace and love toward tendency natural our because zero near to drops consumption energy our doing so In nothing virtually smile a as same the is peace of explosion this for cost the and other each for love express and connect to looking all souls of billions of sea cyber a in individually ourselves express fully to us allows Bitcoin because disappears poor being of fear the because disappears Poverty bed-in their during Amsterdam in room hotel Yoko's and John in up ends hole rabbit Bitcoin the some for Yes hole rabbit the in experience own their live will Everyone minds our and back souls our getting are We years for here in living been have I and Stacy shit some seen We've love and peace with it replaces and hate and fear conquers Bitcoin as ecstasy and agony the you with all it share to Happy KEISER MAX
af toxic is bitcoin truth bitter the here's of crisis financial global the to reaction a not was bitcoin it caused it really yes crash to started and coming was bitcoin sensed markets the that like are markets advance in stuff discount they economy global the of system nervous central the are markets neuroses our all of sum the are they dimon jamie and street wall arsonists bank central traders stock terrorists banking printers money of unconscious global the in arose panic collective a and trying of years after time that around paper white the publishing were cypherpunks the sight its in markets fiat had it and now cosmic the of hole black the opening was hole rabbit bitcoin the bitcoin by caused is days these you around see you chaos the all fact in better be could nothing and toxic view this consider bitcoiners some even and shitcoiners and nocoiners days these maximalists bitcoin toxic about complaining everybody's protocol the of layer is toxicity look discovered or invented been ever that's thing great every for layer it's fact name bad a it give that coattails bitcoins riding by in cash to trying opportunists shameless the of language the only it's epithet maximalist the with up came buterin vitalik lab methereum the at stake of proof slinging he's now shitcoinery for fall don't dignity your keep experience satoshi whole the of layer the maximalist toxic bitcoin go true weren't this if hole rabbit bitcoin's of muck the in hands bare your with blindly digging be wouldn't you to listen to hard is hearing worth anything unloved and gullible the for listening easy are shitcoiners and men con from words pleasant nice toxicity some get bitcoin some get bitcoin to heart your open y'all here in up ghetto utxo freaking the it's clones brown james and clinton george but nothing of full universe parallel whole a than funkier it's ultimatums with vatican the nailing luther martin it's stake burning a to tied bankers central live off ripped being skin of sound the it's way this be gotta minds nocoiners' and shitcoiners' dulled have in back at some buy to him honey-badgering started i since bitcoin buying miss schiff peter watching of years and nonsense money fiat post- dumb of years forty heads our in day all reruns friends plays cats psychotic by now controlled unconscious collective the money fiat of catnip rancid the by euthanized been have inventiveness and imaginations our lobotomy laundering money bank manhattan chase paper the to end an puts bitcoin fortunately genitals the to gun stun a it's chest treasure the to defibrillator monetary a me believe don't twitter on imf fund monetary international the trolling salvador el of president the seen you have leeches those of rid get and loan imf the off pay to bonds volcano collateralized earnings bitcoin future of worth billions sell should he that bitcoin in billion mine to volcanoes nation's his tap to going was he announced he when bukele nayib president tweeted i dip the buying he's them telling them taunting he's it on moved hasn't he far so but pals crony street wall his to bunch a sell could he figuring tweet the in novogratz mike tagged i guy that trust really don't i heart at shitcoiner a he's because maybe writing of time the at hyperbitcoinized now is country the of salvador el in back meanwhile growing and mind-bending a to day a sign-ups new from gone has app strike mallers' jack months six within maximalists bitcoin toxic be will country whole the rate this at xrp at over salesmen oil snake that for fell you bhutan sorry hell shitcoin experience to ready get lately ver roger from heard anyone has since ever downhill going been it's and of war size block the during off ripped heads their got blockers big banksters and criminals career royals useless shitcoiners demented protects and favors system legal 's k u the than reason other no for mccormack peter and children and women old harass who hacks legal london high-priced of army his and faketoshi for particularly paradise scammer a is london stop full bitcoin versus demonetization of fate ignominious the facing is gold and money fiat plus shitcoins other and ada xrp eth bsv bch wannabes bitcoin the of one single every certainty mathematical guaranteed a it's supply energy world's the on attack a be to designed was bitcoin this hearing you're time first the be might this and why explain me let energy available all of conquest insatiable bitcoin's of result the as death to starve will gold and fiat shitcoins itself state the and hatred violence war demonetizes simultaneously it death to gold and fiat shitcoins starves bitcoin as and right was costello elvis understanding and love peace history human in time first the for monetizing by this does it bitcoin until before love incentivizes that money a and economy an had never we've being cosmic inner joint our and unconscious collective the up opens love war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy the espresso iced of gallons and spreadsheets over pouring days their spend who bent marty carter nic saylor michael eggheads these to listen i lie don't numbers the schemes ponzi money fiat their with misery and poverty war from profit who banksters of class uber an of service the in all going it keep to wars and printing money requires and wasteful gargantuanly is form current its in industry energy the cuck-bucks fiat trillion cost estimate some that war a for example for afghanistan in toys hate of worth billion left america bitcoin perfect with money fiat poppy-harvesting corpse-ridden oil-dripping replacing by this all fixes bitcoin incentive hate the remove you and incentive war the remove chance a given if tendency natural most our love with gap the fills bitcoin sure for bitcoin mining start will warmongers the block genesis the in there right it see to choosing anyone by observable protocol bitcoin game-theorized the into baked fact a it's war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy the more or by drops supply energy global on attack its makes bitcoin while even consumption energy overall the gold or shitcoins fiat than in wealth store and transact to efficient more infinitely is bitcoin because love of efficiencies the economy love and peace a to economy violence and war a from move we as up this wrap to energy the all take will bitcoin right that's existence our in time first the for monetized gets peace and love toward tendency natural our because zero near to drops consumption energy our doing so in nothing virtually smile a as same the is peace of explosion this for cost the and other each for love express and connect to looking all souls of billions of sea cyber a in individually ourselves express fully to us allows bitcoin because disappears poor being of fear the because disappears poverty bed-in their during amsterdam in room hotel yoko's and john in up ends hole rabbit bitcoin the some for yes hole rabbit the in experience own their live will everyone minds our and back souls our getting are we years for here in living been have i and stacy shit some seen we've love and peace with it replaces and hate and fear conquers bitcoin as ecstasy and agony the you with all it share to happy keiser max
aftoxicisbitcointruthbitterthehere'sofcrisisfinancialglobalthetoreactionanotwasbitcoinitcauseditreallyyescrashtostartedandcomingwasbitcoinsensedmarketsthethatlikearemarketsadvanceinstuffdiscounttheyeconomyglobaltheofsystemnervouscentralthearemarketsneurosesourallofsumthearetheydimonjamieandstreetwallarsonistsbankcentraltradersstockterroristsbankingprintersmoneyofunconsciousglobaltheinarosepaniccollectiveaandtryingofyearsaftertimethataroundpaperwhitethepublishingwerecypherpunksthesightitsinmarketsfiathaditandnowcosmictheofholeblacktheopeningwasholerabbitbitcointhebitcoinbycausedisdaystheseyouaroundseeyouchaostheallfactinbetterbecouldnothingandtoxicviewthisconsiderbitcoinerssomeevenandshitcoinersandnocoinersdaysthesemaximalistsbitcointoxicaboutcomplainingeverybody'sprotocoltheoflayeristoxicitylookdiscoveredorinventedbeeneverthat'sthinggreateveryforlayerit'sfactnamebadaitgivethatcoattailsbitcoinsridingbyincashtotryingopportunistsshamelesstheoflanguagetheonlyit'sepithetmaximalistthewithupcamebuterinvitaliklabmethereumtheatstakeofproofslinginghe'snowshitcoineryforfalldon'tdignityyourkeepexperiencesatoshiwholetheoflayerthemaximalisttoxicbitcoingotrueweren'tthisifholerabbitbitcoin'sofmucktheinhandsbareyourwithblindlydiggingbewouldn'tyoutolistentohardishearingworthanythingunlovedandgullibletheforlisteningeasyareshitcoinersandmenconfromwordspleasantnicetoxicitysomegetbitcoinsomegetbitcointoheartyouropeny'allhereinupghettoutxofreakingtheit'sclonesbrownjamesandclintongeorgebutnothingoffulluniverseparallelwholeathanfunkierit'sultimatumswithvaticanthenailingluthermartinit'sstakeburningatotiedbankerscentralliveoffrippedbeingskinofsoundtheit'swaythisbegottamindsnocoiners'andshitcoiners'dulledhaveinbackatsomebuytohimhoney-badgeringstartedisincebitcoinbuyingmissschiffpeterwatchingofyearsandnonsensemoneyfiatpost-dumbofyearsfortyheadsourindayallrerunsfriendsplayscatspsychoticbynowcontrolledunconsciouscollectivethemoneyfiatofcatniprancidthebyeuthanizedbeenhaveinventivenessandimaginationsourlobotomylaunderingmoneybankmanhattanchasepaperthetoendanputsbitcoinfortunatelygenitalsthetogunstunait'schesttreasurethetodefibrillatormonetaryamebelievedon'ttwitteronimffundmonetaryinternationalthetrollingsalvadorelofpresidenttheseenyouhaveleechesthoseofridgetandloanimftheoffpaytobondsvolcanocollateralizedearningsbitcoinfutureofworthbillionssellshouldhethatbitcoininbillionminetovolcanoesnation'shistaptogoingwasheannouncedhewhenbukelenayibpresidenttweetedidipthebuyinghe'sthemtellingthemtauntinghe'sitonmovedhasn'thefarsobutpalscronystreetwallhistobunchasellcouldhefiguringtweettheinnovogratzmiketaggediguythattrustreallydon'tiheartatshitcoinerahe'sbecausemaybewritingoftimetheathyperbitcoinizednowiscountrytheofsalvadorelinbackmeanwhilegrowingandmind-bendingatodayasign-upsnewfromgonehasappstrikemallers'jackmonthssixwithinmaximalistsbitcointoxicbewillcountrywholetheratethisatxrpatoversalesmenoilsnakethatforfellyoubhutansorryhellshitcoinexperiencetoreadygetlatelyverrogerfromheardanyonehassinceeverdownhillgoingbeenit'sandofwarsizeblocktheduringoffrippedheadstheirgotblockersbigbankstersandcriminalscareerroyalsuselessshitcoinersdementedprotectsandfavorssystemlegal'skuthethanreasonothernoformccormackpeterandchildrenandwomenoldharasswhohackslegallondonhigh-pricedofarmyhisandfaketoshiforparticularlyparadisescammeraislondonstopfullbitcoinversusdemonetizationoffateignominiousthefacingisgoldandmoneyfiatplusshitcoinsotherandadaxrpethbsvbchwannabesbitcointheofonesingleeverycertaintymathematicalguaranteedait'ssupplyenergyworld'stheonattackabetodesignedwasbitcointhishearingyou'retimefirstthebemightthisandwhyexplainmeletenergyavailableallofconquestinsatiablebitcoin'sofresulttheasdeathtostarvewillgoldandfiatshitcoinsitselfstatetheandhatredviolencewardemonetizessimultaneouslyitdeathtogoldandfiatshitcoinsstarvesbitcoinasandrightwascostelloelvisunderstandingandlovepeacehistoryhumanintimefirsttheformonetizingbythisdoesitbitcoinuntilbeforeloveincentivizesthatmoneyaandeconomyanhadneverwe'vebeingcosmicinnerjointourandunconsciouscollectivetheupopenslovewarandhatethanefficientmoreinfinitelyisloveofeconomytheespressoicedofgallonsandspreadsheetsoverpouringdaystheirspendwhobentmartycarternicsaylormichaeleggheadsthesetolisteniliedon'tnumberstheschemesponzimoneyfiattheirwithmiseryandpovertywarfromprofitwhobankstersofclassuberanofservicetheinallgoingitkeeptowarsandprintingmoneyrequiresandwastefulgargantuanlyisformcurrentitsinindustryenergythecuck-bucksfiattrillioncostestimatesomethatwaraforexampleforafghanistanintoyshateofworthbillionleftamericabitcoinperfectwithmoneyfiatpoppy-harvestingcorpse-riddenoil-drippingreplacingbythisallfixesbitcoinincentivehatetheremoveyouandincentivewartheremovechanceagiveniftendencynaturalmostourlovewithgapthefillsbitcoinsureforbitcoinminingstartwillwarmongerstheblockgenesistheinthererightitseetochoosinganyonebyobservableprotocolbitcoingame-theorizedtheintobakedfactait'swarandhatethanefficientmoreinfinitelyisloveofeconomythemoreorbydropssupplyenergyglobalonattackitsmakesbitcoinwhileevenconsumptionenergyoverallthegoldorshitcoinsfiatthaninwealthstoreandtransacttoefficientmoreinfinitelyisbitcoinbecauseloveofefficienciestheeconomyloveandpeaceatoeconomyviolenceandwarafrommoveweasupthiswraptoenergythealltakewillbitcoinrightthat'sexistenceourintimefirsttheformonetizedgetspeaceandlovetowardtendencynaturalourbecausezeroneartodropsconsumptionenergyourdoingsoinnothingvirtuallysmileaassametheispeaceofexplosionthisforcosttheandothereachforloveexpressandconnecttolookingallsoulsofbillionsofseacyberainindividuallyourselvesexpressfullytousallowsbitcoinbecausedisappearspoorbeingoffearthebecausedisappearspovertybed-intheirduringamsterdaminroomhotelyoko'sandjohninupendsholerabbitbitcointhesomeforyesholerabbittheinexperienceowntheirlivewilleveryonemindsourandbacksoulsourgettingareweyearsforhereinlivingbeenhaveiandstacyshitsomeseenwe'veloveandpeacewithitreplacesandhateandfearconquersbitcoinasecstasyandagonytheyouwithallitsharetohappykeisermax
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF Here's the bitter truth. .8002 fo sisirC laicnaniF labolG eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctiB It caused it. Really? .seY The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. Markets are like that. .ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yehT Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of all our neuroses. .nomiD eimaJ dna teertS llaW ,stsinosra knab lartnec   ,sredart kcots ,stsirorret gniknab ,sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna — gniyrt fo sraey retfa — emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc ehT The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. .retteb eb dluoc gnihton dnA Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. .locotorp eht fo 1 reyaL si yticixot ,kooL Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. .tehtipe "tsilamixaM" eht htiw pu emac niretuB kilatiV Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. Don't fall for shitcoinery. .ytingid ruoy peeK Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. .ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtynA Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. Get some toxicity. .nioctib emos teG Open your heart to Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. .senolc nworB semaJ dna notnilC egroeG tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'tI It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. .yaw siht eb attoG Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. .yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruO Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. .tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom A Don't believe me? Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? .sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol FMI eht ffo yap ot "sdnoB onacloV" dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht — nioctib ni noillib 1$ enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekuB biyaN tnediserP deteewt I ".pid eht gniyub" s'eh meht gnillet ,meht gnitnuat s'eH I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. .traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyaM Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. .shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht ,etar siht tA (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP. Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. ?yletal reV regoR morf draeh enoyna saH Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. .esidarap remmacs a si nodnoL Full Stop. EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. .ytniatrec lacitamehtam ,deetnaraug a s'tI Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. .flesti etats eht dna dertah ,ecneloiv ,raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti ,htaed ot dlog dna taif ,snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dnA It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. .gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evoL The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. .eil t'nod srebmun ehT The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. .nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop ,neddir-esproc ,gnippird-lio gnicalper yb SIHT LLA SEXIF NIOCTIB Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. .erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw ehT It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. .erom ro %59 yb spord ,ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta %15 sti sekam nioctiB elihw neve ,noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht — dlog ro snioctihs ,taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb — evol fo seicneiciffe eht ,ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa ,pu siht parw oT That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. .gnihton yllautriv — elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctiB esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevoP Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. .sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era eW Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. We've seen some shit. .evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctiB sa — ysatsce dna ynoga eht — uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppaH MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af here's the bitter truth. .8002 fo sisirc laicnanif labolg eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctib it caused it. really? .sey the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. markets are like that. .ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yeht markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of all our neuroses. .nomid eimaj dna teerts llaw ,stsinosra knab lartnec   ,sredart kcots ,stsirorret gniknab ,sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna — gniyrt fo sraey retfa — emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc eht the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. .retteb eb dluoc gnihton dna nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. .locotorp eht fo 1 reyal si yticixot ,kool fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. .tehtipe "tsilamixam" eht htiw pu emac niretub kilativ now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. don't fall for shitcoinery. .ytingid ruoy peek go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. .ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtyna nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. get some toxicity. .nioctib emos teg open your heart to bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. .senolc nworb semaj dna notnilc egroeg tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'ti it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. .yaw siht eb attog forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. .yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruo fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. .tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom a don't believe me? have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? .sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol fmi eht ffo yap ot "sdnob onaclov" dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht — nioctib ni noillib 1$ enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekub biyan tnediserp deteewt i ".pid eht gniyub" s'eh meht gnillet ,meht gnitnuat s'eh i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. .traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyam meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. .shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixam nioctib cixot eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht ,etar siht ta (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp. get ready to experience shitcoin hell. ?yletal rev regor morf draeh enoyna sah big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. .esidarap remmacs a si nodnol full stop. every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. .ytniatrec lacitamehtam ,deetnaraug a s'ti let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. .flesti etats eht dna dertah ,ecneloiv ,raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti ,htaed ot dlog dna taif ,snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dna it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. .gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evol the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. .eil t'nod srebmun eht the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. .nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop ,neddir-esproc ,gnippird-lio gnicalper yb siht lla sexif nioctib remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. .erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw eht it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. .erom ro %59 yb spord ,ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta %15 sti sekam nioctib elihw neve ,noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht — dlog ro snioctihs ,taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb — evol fo seicneiciffe eht ,ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa ,pu siht parw ot that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. .gnihton yllautriv — elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctib esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevop yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. .sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era ew stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. we've seen some shit. .evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctib sa — ysatsce dna ynoga eht — uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppah max keiser
bitcoinistoxicafhere'sthebittertruth..8002fosisirclaicnaniflabolgehtotnoitcaeratonsawnioctibitcausedit.really?.seythemarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.marketsarelikethat..ecnavdaniffutstnuocsidyehtmarketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofallourneuroses..nomideimajdnateertsllaw,stsinosraknablartnec,sredartkcots,stsirorretgniknab,sretnirpyenomfosuoicsnocnulabolgehtniesoracinapevitcellocadna—gniyrtfosraeyretfa—emittahtdnuorarepapetihwehtgnihsilbuperewsknuprehpycehtthebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.infact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin..rettebebdluocgnihtondnanocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays..locotorpehtfo1reyalsiyticixot,koolfact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.it'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname..tehtipe"tsilamixam"ehthtiwpuemacniretubkilativnowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.don'tfallforshitcoinery..ytingidruoypeekgobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.youwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue..otnetsilotdrahsigniraehhtrowgnihtynanice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.getsometoxicity..nioctibemostegopenyourhearttobitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all..senolcnworbsemajdnanotnilcegroegtubgnihtonfollufesrevinulellarapelohwanahtreiknufs'tiit'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake..yawsihtebattogfortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.thecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads..yenomtaiffopintacdicnarehtybdezinahtueneebevahssenevitnevnidnasnoitanigamiruofortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals..tsehcerusaertehtotrotallirbifedyratenomadon'tbelieveme?haveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?.sehceelesohtfodirtegdnanaolfmiehtffoyapot"sdnobonaclov"dezilaretallocsgninraenioctiberutuffohtrowsnoillibllesdluohsehtaht—nioctibninoillib1$enimotseonaclovs'noitansihpatotgniogsawehdecnuonnaehnehwelekubbiyantnediserpdeteewti".pidehtgniyub"s'ehmehtgnillet,mehtgnitnuats'ehitaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy..traehtarenioctihsas'ehesuacebebyammeanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).jackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing..shtnomxisnihtiwstsilamixamnioctibcixoteblliwyrtnuocelohweht,etarsihtta(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.?yletalrevregormorfdraehenoynasahbigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.particularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters..esidarapremmacsasinodnolfullstop.everysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin..ytniatreclacitamehtam,deetnaraugas'tiletmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy..flestietatsehtdnadertah,ecneloiv,rawsezitenomedylsuoenatlumisti,htaedotdlogdnataif,snioctihssevratsnioctibsadnaitdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright).we'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin..gniebcimsocrennitniojruodnasuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtpusnepoevoltheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.ilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso..eilt'nodsrebmunehttheenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks..nioctibtcefrephtiwyenomtaifgnitsevrah-yppop,neddir-esproc,gnippird-liognicalperybsihtllasexifnioctibremovethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.bitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance..erusrofnioctibgninimtratslliwsregnomrawehtit'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar..eromro%59ybspord,ylppusygrenelabolgnokcatta%15stisekamnioctibelihwneve,noitpmusnocygrenellarevoeht—dlogrosnioctihs,taifnahtnihtlaewerotsdnatcasnartottneiciffeeromyletinifnisinioctibesuaceb—evolfoseicneiciffeeht,ymonoceevoldnaecaepaotymonoceecneloivdnarawamorfevomewsa,pusihtparwotthat'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence..gnihtonyllautriv—elimsasaemasehtsiecaepfonoisolpxesihtroftsocehtdnarehtohcaerofevolsserpxednatcennocotgnikoolllasluosfosnoillibfoaesrebycaniyllaudividnisevlesruosserpxeyllufotsuswollanioctibesuacebsraeppasidroopgniebforaefehtesuacebsraeppasidytrevopyes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in.everyonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole..sdnimruodnakcabsluosruognittegeraewstacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.we'veseensomeshit..evoldnaecaephtiwtisecalperdnaetahdnaraefsreuqnocnioctibsa—ysatscednaynogaeht—uoyhtiwllatierahsotyppahmaxkeiser
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF hturt rettib eht s'ereH Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. yllaeR Yes. The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. taht ekil era stekraM They discount stuff in advance. Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yehT The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. nioctiB yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla tcaf nI And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. syad eseht stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyrevE Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctiB gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'tI Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. yrenioctihs rof llaf t'noD Keep your dignity. Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctiB fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoY Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. yticixot emos teG Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin. lla'y ereh ni pu ottehg OXTU gnikaerf eht s'tI It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'tI Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer sdneirF syalp stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc suoicsnocnu evitcelloc ehT Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money. Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'tI A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. Don't believe me? rettiwT no FMI dnuF yratenoM lanoitanretnI eht gnillort rodavlaS lE fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evaH He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod I Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). gniworg dna gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen morf enog sah ppa ekirtS 'srellaM kcaJ At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP. lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teG Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac slayoR sselesu srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s' K U eht naht nosaer rehto on rof kcamroCcM reteP dna nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnoL decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaF rof ylralucitraP London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. NIOCTIB SUSREV NOITAZITENOMED FO ETAF SUOINIMONGI EHT GNICAF SI DLOG DNA YENOM TAIF SULP SNIOCTIHS REHTO DNA ADA PRX HTE VSB HCB SEBANNAW NIOCTIB EHT FO ENO ELGNIS YREVE It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctiB fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif snioctihS And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'eW Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw tneB ytraM retraC ciN rolyaS leahciM sdaehgge eseht ot netsil I The numbers don't lie. The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. skcub-kcuc taif noillirt tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof elpmaxe rof natsinahgfA ni syot etah fo htrow NOILLIB tfel aciremA BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctiB The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo gniod os nI Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyrevE We are getting our souls back and our minds. Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. tihs emos nees ev'eW Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af hturt rettib eht s'ereh bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. yllaer yes. the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. taht ekil era stekram they discount stuff in advance. markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yeht the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. nioctib yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla tcaf ni and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. syad eseht stsilamixam nioctib cixot tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyreve look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctib gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'ti vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. yrenioctihs rof llaf t'nod keep your dignity. go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctib fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoy anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. yticixot emos teg get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin. lla'y ereh ni pu ottehg oxtu gnikaerf eht s'ti it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'ti gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer sdneirf syalp stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money. fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'ti a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. don't believe me? rettiwt no fmi dnuf yratenom lanoitanretni eht gnillort rodavlas le fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evah he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod i maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). gniworg dna gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen morf enog sah ppa ekirts 'srellam kcaj at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp. lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teg has anyone heard from roger ver lately? big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac slayor sselesu srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s' k u eht naht nosaer rehto on rof kcamroccm retep dna nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnol decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaf rof ylralucitrap london is a scammer paradise. full stop. nioctib susrev noitazitenomed fo etaf suoinimongi eht gnicaf si dlog dna yenom taif sulp snioctihs rehto dna ada prx hte vsb hcb sebannaw nioctib eht fo eno elgnis yreve it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctib fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif snioctihs and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'ew love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw tneb ytram retrac cin rolyas leahcim sdaehgge eseht ot netsil i the numbers don't lie. the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. skcub-kcuc taif noillirt tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof elpmaxe rof natsinahgfa ni syot etah fo htrow noillib tfel acirema bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctib the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo gniod os ni poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyreve we are getting our souls back and our minds. stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. tihs emos nees ev'ew happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. max keiser
bitcoinistoxicafhturtrettibehts'erehbitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit.yllaeryes.themarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.tahtekilerastekramtheydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.sesoruenruollafomusehterayehtthecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.nioctibybdesuacsisyadesehtuoydnuoraeesuoysoahcehtllatcafniandnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.syadesehtstsilamixamnioctibcixottuobagninialpmocs'ydobyrevelook,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.fact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.emandabatievigtahtsliattaocsnioctibgnidirybnihsacotgniyrtstsinutropposselemahsehtfoegaugnalehtylnos'tivitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.nowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.yrenioctihsrofllaft'nodkeepyourdignity.gobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.eurtt'nerewsihtfielohtibbars'nioctibfokcumehtnisdnaherabruoyhtiwyldnilbgniggidebt'ndluowuoyanythingworthhearingishardtolistento.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.yticixotemosteggetsomebitcoin.openyourhearttobitcoin.lla'yerehnipuottehgoxtugnikaerfehts'tiit'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums.ekatsgninrubaotdeitsreknablartnecevilffodeppirgniebniksfodnuosehts'tigottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.sdaehruoniyadllasnurersdneirfsyalpstaccitohcyspybwondellortnocsuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy.slatinegehtotnugnutsas'tiamonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.don'tbelieveme?rettiwtnofmidnufyratenomlanoitanretniehtgnillortrodavlaslefotnediserpehtneesuoyevahhe'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit.yugtahttsurtyllaert'nodimaybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.meanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).gniworgdnagnidneb-dnimaotyadaspu-ngiswenmorfenogsahppaekirts'srellamkcajatthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp.llehnioctihsecneirepxeotydaerteghasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?bigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.sretsknabdnaslanimircreeracslayorsselesusrenioctihsdetnemedstcetorpdnasrovafmetsyslagels'kuehtnahtnosaerrehtoonrofkcamroccmretepdnanerdlihcdnanemowdlossarahohwskcahlagelnodnoldecirp-hgihfoymrasihdnaihsotekafrofylralucitraplondonisascammerparadise.fullstop.nioctibsusrevnoitazitenomedfoetafsuoinimongiehtgnicafsidlogdnayenomtaifsulpsnioctihsrehtodnaadaprxhtevsbhcbsebannawnioctibehtfoenoelgnisyreveit'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply.ygreneelbaliavallafotseuqnocelbaitasnis'nioctibfotluserehtsahtaedotevratslliwdlogdnataifsnioctihsandasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright).nioctiblitnuerofebevolsezivitnecnitahtyenomadnaymonocenadahrevenev'ewloveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.osserpsedecifosnollagdnasteehsdaerpsrevogniruopsyadriehtdnepsohwtnebytramretraccinrolyasleahcimsdaehggeesehtotnetsilithenumbersdon'tlie.theenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.skcub-kcuctaifnoillirttsocetamitseemostahtrawarofelpmaxerofnatsinahgfanisyotetahfohtrownoillibtfelaciremabitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.removethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.ecnahcanevigfiycnednetlarutantsomruoevolhtiwpagehtsllifnioctibthewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.it'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock.rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehttowrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy.ecnetsixeruoniemittsrifehtrofdezitenomstegecaepdnaevoldrawotycnednetlarutanruoesuaceborezraenotspordnoitpmusnocygreneruogniodosnipovertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.yes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in.elohtibbarehtniecneirepxenworiehtevillliwenoyrevewearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.stacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.tihsemosneesev'ewhappytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.maxkeiser
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF .hturt rettib eht s'ereH Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. ?yllaeR Yes. The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. .taht ekil era stekraM They discount stuff in advance. Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. .sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yehT The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. .nioctiB yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla ,tcaf nI And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. .syad eseht "stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT" tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyrevE Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. .eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctiB gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'tI Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. .yrenioctihs rof llaf t'noD Keep your dignity. Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. .eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctiB fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoY Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. .yticixot emos teG Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin. .lla'y ,ereh ni pu ottehg OXTU gnikaerf eht s'tI It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. .ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'tI Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. .sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer "sdneirF" syalp ,stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc ,suoicsnocnu evitcelloc ehT Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money. Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. .slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'tI A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. Don't believe me? ?rettiwT no )FMI( dnuF yratenoM lanoitanretnI eht gnillort rodavlaS lE fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evaH He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. .yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod I Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). .gniworg dna 000,001 gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen 000,02 morf enog sah ppa ekirtS 'srellaM kcaJ At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP. .lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teG Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. .sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac ,slayoR sselesu ,srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s'.K.U eht naht nosaer rehto on rof )kcamroCcM reteP dna( nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnoL decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaF rof ylralucitraP London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. .NIOCTIB SUSREV NOITAZITENOMED FO ETAF SUOINIMONGI EHT GNICAF SI — DLOG DNA YENOM TAIF SULP ,SNIOCTIHS REHTO 000,21 DNA ,ADA ,PRX ,HTE ,VSB ,HCB — SEBANNAW NIOCTIB EHT FO ENO ELGNIS YREVE It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. .ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctiB fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif ,snioctihS And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). .nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'eW Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. .osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw     — tneB ytraM ,retraC ciN ,rolyaS leahciM — sdaehgge eseht ot netsil I The numbers don't lie. The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. .skcub-kcuc taif noillirt 2$ tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof ,elpmaxe rof ,natsinahgfA ni syot etah fo htrow NOILLIB 58$ tfel aciremA BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. .ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo ;evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctiB The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. .ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo ,gniod os nI Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. .eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyrevE We are getting our souls back and our minds. Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. .tihs emos nees ev'eW Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af .hturt rettib eht s'ereh bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. ?yllaer yes. the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. .taht ekil era stekram they discount stuff in advance. markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. .sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yeht the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. .nioctib yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla ,tcaf ni and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. .syad eseht "stsilamixam nioctib cixot" tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyreve look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. .eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctib gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'ti vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. .yrenioctihs rof llaf t'nod keep your dignity. go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. .eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctib fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoy anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. .yticixot emos teg get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin. .lla'y ,ereh ni pu ottehg oxtu gnikaerf eht s'ti it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. .ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'ti gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. .sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer "sdneirf" syalp ,stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc ,suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money. fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. .slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'ti a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. don't believe me? ?rettiwt no )fmi( dnuf yratenom lanoitanretni eht gnillort rodavlas le fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evah he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. .yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod i maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). .gniworg dna 000,001 gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen 000,02 morf enog sah ppa ekirts 'srellam kcaj at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp. .lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teg has anyone heard from roger ver lately? big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. .sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac ,slayor sselesu ,srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s'.k.u eht naht nosaer rehto on rof )kcamroccm retep dna( nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnol decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaf rof ylralucitrap london is a scammer paradise. full stop. .nioctib susrev noitazitenomed fo etaf suoinimongi eht gnicaf si — dlog dna yenom taif sulp ,snioctihs rehto 000,21 dna ,ada ,prx ,hte ,vsb ,hcb — sebannaw nioctib eht fo eno elgnis yreve it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. .ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctib fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif ,snioctihs and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). .nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'ew love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. .osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw     — tneb ytram ,retrac cin ,rolyas leahcim — sdaehgge eseht ot netsil i the numbers don't lie. the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. .skcub-kcuc taif noillirt 2$ tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof ,elpmaxe rof ,natsinahgfa ni syot etah fo htrow noillib 58$ tfel acirema bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. .ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo ;evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctib the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. .ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo ,gniod os ni poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. .eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyreve we are getting our souls back and our minds. stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. .tihs emos nees ev'ew happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. max keiser
bitcoinistoxicaf.hturtrettibehts'erehbitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit.?yllaeryes.themarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash..tahtekilerastekramtheydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy..sesoruenruollafomusehterayehtthecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight..nioctibybdesuacsisyadesehtuoydnuoraeesuoysoahcehtlla,tcafniandnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic..syadeseht"stsilamixamnioctibcixot"tuobagninialpmocs'ydobyrevelook,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.fact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered..emandabatievigtahtsliattaocsnioctibgnidirybnihsacotgniyrtstsinutropposselemahsehtfoegaugnalehtylnos'tivitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.nowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab..yrenioctihsrofllaft'nodkeepyourdignity.gobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience..eurtt'nerewsihtfielohtibbars'nioctibfokcumehtnisdnaherabruoyhtiwyldnilbgniggidebt'ndluowuoyanythingworthhearingishardtolistento.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved..yticixotemosteggetsomebitcoin.openyourhearttobitcoin..lla'y,erehnipuottehgoxtugnikaerfehts'tiit'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums..ekatsgninrubaotdeitsreknablartnecevilffodeppirgniebniksfodnuosehts'tigottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds..sdaehruoniyadllasnurer"sdneirf"syalp,staccitohcyspybwondellortnoc,suoicsnocnuevitcellocehtourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy..slatinegehtotnugnutsas'tiamonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.don'tbelieveme??rettiwtno)fmi(dnufyratenomlanoitanretniehtgnillortrodavlaslefotnediserpehtneesuoyevahhe'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit..yugtahttsurtyllaert'nodimaybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.meanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting)..gniworgdna000,001gnidneb-dnimaotyadaspu-ngiswen000,02morfenogsahppaekirts'srellamkcajatthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp..llehnioctihsecneirepxeotydaerteghasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?bigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince..sretsknabdnaslanimircreerac,slayorsselesu,srenioctihsdetnemedstcetorpdnasrovafmetsyslagels'.k.uehtnahtnosaerrehtoonrof)kcamroccmretepdna(nerdlihcdnanemowdlossarahohwskcahlagelnodnoldecirp-hgihfoymrasihdnaihsotekafrofylralucitraplondonisascammerparadise.fullstop..nioctibsusrevnoitazitenomedfoetafsuoinimongiehtgnicafsi—dlogdnayenomtaifsulp,snioctihsrehto000,21dna,ada,prx,hte,vsb,hcb—sebannawnioctibehtfoenoelgnisyreveit'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply..ygreneelbaliavallafotseuqnocelbaitasnis'nioctibfotluserehtsahtaedotevratslliwdlogdnataif,snioctihsandasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright)..nioctiblitnuerofebevolsezivitnecnitahtyenomadnaymonocenadahrevenev'ewloveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar..osserpsedecifosnollagdnasteehsdaerpsrevogniruopsyadriehtdnepsohw—tnebytram,retraccin,rolyasleahcim—sdaehggeesehtotnetsilithenumbersdon'tlie.theenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes..skcub-kcuctaifnoillirt2$tsocetamitseemostahtrawarof,elpmaxerof,natsinahgfanisyotetahfohtrownoillib58$tfelaciremabitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.removethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive..ecnahcanevigfiycnednetlarutantsomruo;evolhtiwpagehtsllifnioctibthewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.it'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock..rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehttowrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy..ecnetsixeruoniemittsrifehtrofdezitenomstegecaepdnaevoldrawotycnednetlarutanruoesuaceborezraenotspordnoitpmusnocygreneruo,gniodosnipovertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.yes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in..elohtibbarehtniecneirepxenworiehtevillliwenoyrevewearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.stacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years..tihsemosneesev'ewhappytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.maxkeiser
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. seY yllaeR The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. Don't fall for shitcoinery. Keep your dignity. Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'tI smutamitlu htiw nacitaV eht gnilian rehtuL nitraM s'tI senolc nworB semaJ dna notnilC egroeG tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'tI lla'y ereh ni pu ottehg OXTU gnikaerf eht s'tI nioctiB ot traeh ruoy nepO nioctib emos teG yticixot emos teG Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. Don't believe me? Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teG PRX ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy natuhB yrroS shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht etar siht tA gniworg dna gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen morf enog sah ppa ekirtS 'srellaM kcaJ gnitirw fo emit eht ta dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo rodavlaS lE ni kcab elihwnaeM Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. thgir saw olletsoC sivlE gnidnatsrednu dna evol ecaep yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof gnizitenom yb siht seod tI flesti etats eht dna dertah ecneloiv raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti htaed ot dlog dna taif snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dnA ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctiB fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif snioctihS ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta a eb ot dengised saw nioctib siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna yhw nialpxe em teL ytniatrec lacitamehtam deetnaraug a s'tI We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctiB evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna evitnecni raw eht evomeR nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop neddir-esproc gnippird-lio gnicalper yb SIHT LLA SEXIF NIOCTIB The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. gnihton yllautriv elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctiB esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevoP ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo gniod os nI ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctiB thgir s'tahT erom ro yb spord ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta sti sekam nioctiB elihw neve noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht dlog ro snioctihs taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb evol fo seicneiciffe eht ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa pu siht parw oT Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds. evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctiB sa ysatsce dna ynoga eht uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppaH tihs emos nees ev'eW sraey rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah I dna ycatS MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. sey yllaer the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. don't fall for shitcoinery. keep your dignity. go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'ti smutamitlu htiw nacitav eht gnilian rehtul nitram s'ti senolc nworb semaj dna notnilc egroeg tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'ti lla'y ereh ni pu ottehg oxtu gnikaerf eht s'ti nioctib ot traeh ruoy nepo nioctib emos teg yticixot emos teg gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. don't believe me? have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teg prx ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy natuhb yrros shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixam nioctib cixot eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht etar siht ta gniworg dna gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen morf enog sah ppa ekirts 'srellam kcaj gnitirw fo emit eht ta dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo rodavlas le ni kcab elihwnaem has anyone heard from roger ver lately? big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. london is a scammer paradise. full stop. every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. thgir saw olletsoc sivle gnidnatsrednu dna evol ecaep yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof gnizitenom yb siht seod ti flesti etats eht dna dertah ecneloiv raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti htaed ot dlog dna taif snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dna ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctib fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif snioctihs ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta a eb ot dengised saw nioctib siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna yhw nialpxe em tel ytniatrec lacitamehtam deetnaraug a s'ti we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctib evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna evitnecni raw eht evomer nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop neddir-esproc gnippird-lio gnicalper yb siht lla sexif nioctib the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. gnihton yllautriv elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctib esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevop ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo gniod os ni ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctib thgir s'taht erom ro yb spord ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta sti sekam nioctib elihw neve noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht dlog ro snioctihs taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb evol fo seicneiciffe eht ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa pu siht parw ot yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds. evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctib sa ysatsce dna ynoga eht uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppah tihs emos nees ev'ew sraey rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah i dna ycats max keiser
bitcoinistoxicafhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit.seyyllaerthemarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.marketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.infact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.look,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.fact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.it'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.vitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.nowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.don'tfallforshitcoinery.keepyourdignity.gobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.youwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistento.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.ekatsgninrubaotdeitsreknablartnecevilffodeppirgniebniksfodnuosehts'tismutamitluhtiwnacitavehtgnilianrehtulnitrams'tisenolcnworbsemajdnanotnilcegroegtubgnihtonfollufesrevinulellarapelohwanahtreiknufs'tilla'yerehnipuottehgoxtugnikaerfehts'tinioctibottraehruoyneponioctibemostegyticixotemosteggottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.thecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.ourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals.amonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.don'tbelieveme?haveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?he'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy.maybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.llehnioctihsecneirepxeotydaertegprxtarevonemselaslioekanstahtrofllefuoynatuhbyrrosshtnomxisnihtiwstsilamixamnioctibcixoteblliwyrtnuocelohwehtetarsihttagniworgdnagnidneb-dnimaotyadaspu-ngiswenmorfenogsahppaekirts'srellamkcajgnitirwfoemitehttadezinioctibrepyhwonsiyrtnuocehtforodavlaslenikcabelihwnaemhasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?bigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.particularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.londonisascammerparadise.fullstop.everysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.thgirsawolletsocsivlegnidnatsrednudnaevolecaepyrotsihnamuhniemittsrifehtrofgnizitenomybsihtseodtiflestietatsehtdnadertahecneloivrawsezitenomedylsuoenatlumistihtaedotdlogdnataifsnioctihssevratsnioctibsadnaygreneelbaliavallafotseuqnocelbaitasnis'nioctibfotluserehtsahtaedotevratslliwdlogdnataifsnioctihsylppusygrenes'dlrowehtnokcattaaebotdengisedsawnioctibsihtgniraeher'uoyemittsrifehtebthgimsihtdnayhwnialpxeemtelytniatreclacitamehtamdeetnaraugas'tiwe'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.loveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.ilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.theenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.ecnahcanevigfiycnednetlarutantsomruoevolhtiwpagehtsllifnioctibevitnecnietahehtevomeruoydnaevitnecnirawehtevomernioctibtcefrephtiwyenomtaifgnitsevrah-yppopneddir-esprocgnippird-liognicalperybsihtllasexifnioctibthewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.it'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.gnihtonyllautrivelimsasaemasehtsiecaepfonoisolpxesihtroftsocehtdnarehtohcaerofevolsserpxednatcennocotgnikoolllasluosfosnoillibfoaesrebycaniyllaudividnisevlesruosserpxeyllufotsuswollanioctibesuacebsraeppasidroopgniebforaefehtesuacebsraeppasidytrevopecnetsixeruoniemittsrifehtrofdezitenomstegecaepdnaevoldrawotycnednetlarutanruoesuaceborezraenotspordnoitpmusnocygreneruogniodosniygreneehtllaekatlliwnioctibthgirs'tahteromroybspordylppusygrenelabolgnokcattastisekamnioctibelihwnevenoitpmusnocygrenellarevoehtdlogrosnioctihstaifnahtnihtlaewerotsdnatcasnartottneiciffeeromyletinifnisinioctibesuacebevolfoseicneiciffeehtymonoceevoldnaecaepaotymonoceecneloivdnarawamorfevomewsapusihtparwotyes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in.everyonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.wearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.evoldnaecaephtiwtisecalperdnaetahdnaraefsreuqnocnioctibsaysatscednaynogaehtuoyhtiwllatierahsotyppahtihsemosneesev'ewsraeyroferehnignivilneebevahidnaycatsmaxkeiser
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF noitcaer a ton saw nioctiB .hturt rettib eht s'ereH to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. .seY          ?yllaeR The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. era stekraM .ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yehT .taht ekil era stekraM the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc ehT .sesoruen ruo lla around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic gniknab ,sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street eloh kcalb eht — gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctiB ehT .nomiD eimaJ dna of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla ,tcaf nI Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, s'ydobyrevE .cixot weiv siht redisnoc ,srenioctiB emos neve dna complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. .locotorp eht fo 1 reyaL si yticixot ,kooL Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing .derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying .eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctiB gnidir yb ni hsac ot Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. .bal muerehtEm eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh woN Don't fall for shitcoinery. .ytingid ruoy peeK Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, .ecneirepxe ihsotaS elohw eht fo 1 reyaL eht You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctiB fo kcum eht ni sdnah weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ,eciN .ot are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. ot traeh ruoy nepO .nioctib emos teG .yticixot emos teG Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'tI but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'tI .smutamitlu htiw nacitaV eht gnilian ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. yenom taif 1791-tsop bmud fo sraey ytroF .yaw siht eb attoG nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin )1102 ni kcab 1$ ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats I ecnis have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. citohcysp yb won dellortnoc ,suoicsnocnu evitcelloc ehT cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruO by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   Fortunately, bitcoin yenom knaB nattahnaM esahc repap eht ot dne na stup laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. .tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom A Don't believe me? rodavlaS lE fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evaH trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? ".pid eht gniyub" s'eh meht gnillet ,meht gnitnuat s'eH I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF ekiM deggat I .sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a eh raf os tub ,slap ynorc teertS llaW sih ot hcnub hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. .traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyaM Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country .)gnitirw fo emit eht ta( dezinioctibrepyh won si Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups elohw eht ,etar siht tA .gniworg dna 000,001 gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy ,natuhB yrroS( at XRP.        Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. ?yletal reV regoR morf draeh enoyna saH Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block .ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna 7102 fo raW eziS Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnoL (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s ,srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. .potS lluF .esidarap remmacs a si nodnoL EVERY SINGLE ONE OF ,PRX ,HTE ,VSB ,HCB — SEBANNAW NIOCTIB EHT ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT SUOINIMONGI EHT GNICAF SI — DLOG DNA YENOM FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. nialpxe em teL .ytniatrec lacitamehtam ,deetnaraug a s'tI why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, s'dlrow eht no kcatta %15 a eb ot dengised saw nioctib energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will s'nioctiB fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats insatiable conquest of all available energy. ,htaed ot dlog dna taif ,snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dnA it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and tsrif eht rof ,gnizitenom yb siht seod tI .flesti etats eht time in human history, peace, love and understanding .)thgir saw olletsoC sivlE( We've never had an economy and a money .nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht Love opens up the collective unconscious and fo ymonoce ehT .gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. ,retraC ciN ,rolyaS leahciM — sdaehgge eseht ot netsil I Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets .eil t'nod srebmun ehT .osserpse deci fo snollag dna The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful ni lla — gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty 58$ tfel aciremA .semehcs iznoP yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war .skcub-kcuc taif noillirt 2$ tsoc etamitse emos taht BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, .nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop ,neddir-esproc Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. .ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo ;evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctiB The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. ,locotorp nioctiB deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'tI observable by anyone choosing to see it, .kcolB siseneG eht ni ereht thgir The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa ,pu siht parw oT economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb — evol fo to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins elihw neve ,noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht — dlog ro Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, ekat lliw nioctiB ,thgir s'tahT .erom ro %59 yb spord all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord love and peace gets monetized for the first time in raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevoP .ecnetsixe ruo of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctiB eht ,emos rof ,seY in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam .ni-deb 9691 rieht gnirud Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. .sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era eW Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppaH .tihs emos nees ev'eW — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear .evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af noitcaer a ton saw nioctib .hturt rettib eht s'ereh to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. .sey          ?yllaer the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. era stekram .ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yeht .taht ekil era stekram the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc eht .sesoruen ruo lla around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic gniknab ,sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street eloh kcalb eht — gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctib eht .nomid eimaj dna of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla ,tcaf ni bitcoin. and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, s'ydobyreve .cixot weiv siht redisnoc ,srenioctib emos neve dna complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. .locotorp eht fo 1 reyal si yticixot ,kool fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing .derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying .eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctib gnidir yb ni hsac ot vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. .bal muerehtem eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh won don't fall for shitcoinery. .ytingid ruoy peek go bitcoin toxic maximalist, .ecneirepxe ihsotas elohw eht fo 1 reyal eht you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctib fo kcum eht ni sdnah weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ,ecin .ot are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. ot traeh ruoy nepo .nioctib emos teg .yticixot emos teg bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'ti but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'ti .smutamitlu htiw nacitav eht gnilian ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. yenom taif 1791-tsop bmud fo sraey ytrof .yaw siht eb attog nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin )1102 ni kcab 1$ ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats i ecnis have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. citohcysp yb won dellortnoc ,suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruo by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   fortunately, bitcoin yenom knab nattahnam esahc repap eht ot dne na stup laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. .tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom a don't believe me? rodavlas le fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evah trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? ".pid eht gniyub" s'eh meht gnillet ,meht gnitnuat s'eh i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf ekim deggat i .sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a eh raf os tub ,slap ynorc teerts llaw sih ot hcnub hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. .traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyam meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country .)gnitirw fo emit eht ta( dezinioctibrepyh won si jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups elohw eht ,etar siht ta .gniworg dna 000,001 gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy ,natuhb yrros( at xrp.        get ready to experience shitcoin hell. ?yletal rev regor morf draeh enoyna sah big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block .ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna 7102 fo raw ezis particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnol (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s ,srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel useless royals, career criminals and banksters. .pots lluf .esidarap remmacs a si nodnol every single one of ,prx ,hte ,vsb ,hcb — sebannaw nioctib eht ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat suoinimongi eht gnicaf si — dlog dna yenom fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. nialpxe em tel .ytniatrec lacitamehtam ,deetnaraug a s'ti why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, s'dlrow eht no kcatta %15 a eb ot dengised saw nioctib energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will s'nioctib fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats insatiable conquest of all available energy. ,htaed ot dlog dna taif ,snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dna it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and tsrif eht rof ,gnizitenom yb siht seod ti .flesti etats eht time in human history, peace, love and understanding .)thgir saw olletsoc sivle( we've never had an economy and a money .nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht love opens up the collective unconscious and fo ymonoce eht .gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. ,retrac cin ,rolyas leahcim — sdaehgge eseht ot netsil i marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets .eil t'nod srebmun eht .osserpse deci fo snollag dna the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful ni lla — gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty 58$ tfel acirema .semehcs iznop yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war .skcub-kcuc taif noillirt 2$ tsoc etamitse emos taht bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, .nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop ,neddir-esproc remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. .ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo ;evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctib the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. ,locotorp nioctib deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'ti observable by anyone choosing to see it, .kcolb siseneg eht ni ereht thgir the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa ,pu siht parw ot economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb — evol fo to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins elihw neve ,noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht — dlog ro bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, ekat lliw nioctib ,thgir s'taht .erom ro %59 yb spord all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord love and peace gets monetized for the first time in raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevop .ecnetsixe ruo of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctib eht ,emos rof ,sey in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam .ni-deb 9691 rieht gnirud everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. .sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era ew stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppah .tihs emos nees ev'ew — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear .evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna max keiser
bitcoinistoxicafnoitcaeratonsawnioctib.hturtrettibehts'erehtotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit..sey?yllaerthemarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.erastekram.ecnavdaniffutstnuocsidyeht.tahtekilerastekramthecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofrepapetihwehtgnihsilbuperewsknuprehpyceht.sesoruenruollaaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicgniknab,sretnirpyenomfosuoicsnocnulabolgehtniesoraterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetelohkcalbeht—gnineposawelohtibbarnioctibeht.nomideimajdnaofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.ybdesuacsisyadesehtuoydnuoraeesuoysoahcehtlla,tcafnibitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,s'ydobyreve.cixotweivsihtredisnoc,srenioctibemosnevednacomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays..locotorpehtfo1reyalsiyticixot,koolfact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthing.derevocsidrodetnevnineebreves'tahtit'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststrying.emandabatievigtahtsliattaocsnioctibgnidirybnihsacotvitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet..balmuerehtemehttaekatsfofoorpgnignilss'ehwondon'tfallforshitcoinery..ytingidruoypeekgobitcointoxicmaximalist,.ecneirepxeihsotaselohwehtfo1reyalehtyouwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbaresihtfielohtibbars'nioctibfokcumehtnisdnahweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistensrenioctihsdnanemnocmorfsdrowtnasaelp,ecin.otareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.ottraehruoynepo.nioctibemosteg.yticixotemostegbitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.gnihtonfollufesrevinulellarapelohwanahtreiknufs'tibutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinluthergniebniksfodnuosehts'ti.smutamitluhtiwnacitavehtgnilianrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.yenomtaif1791-tsopbmudfosraeyytrof.yawsihtebattognonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoin)1102nikcab1$taemosyubotmihgniregdab-yenohdetratsiecnishavedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.citohcyspybwondellortnoc,suoicsnocnuevitcellocehtcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.dezinahtueneebevahssenevitnevnidnasnoitanigamiruobytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinyenomknabnattahnamesahcrepapehtotdnenastuplaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals..tsehcerusaertehtotrotallirbifedyratenomadon'tbelieveme?rodavlaslefotnediserpehtneesuoyevahtrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?".pidehtgniyub"s'ehmehtgnillet,mehtgnitnuats'ehitweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedenimotseonaclovs'noitansihpatotgniogsaweh$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellsgninraenioctiberutuffohtrowsnoillibcollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfekimdeggati.sehceelesohtfodirtegdnanaolnovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellaehrafostub,slapynorcteertsllawsihothcnubhasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy..traehtarenioctihsas'ehesuacebebyammeanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountry.)gnitirwfoemitehtta(dezinioctibrepyhwonsijackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upselohweht,etarsihtta.gniworgdna000,001gnidneb-dnimaotyadacountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.revonemselaslioekanstahtrofllefuoy,natuhbyrros(atxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.?yletalrevregormorfdraehenoynasahbigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblock.ecnisrevellihnwodgniogneebs'tidna7102forawezisparticularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricednerdlihcdnanemowdlossarahohwskcahlagelnodnol(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'s,srenioctihsdetnemedstcetorpdnasrovafmetsyslageluselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters..potslluf.esidarapremmacsasinodnoleverysingleoneof,prx,hte,vsb,hcb—sebannawnioctibehtada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatsuoinimongiehtgnicafsi—dlogdnayenomfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.nialpxeemtel.ytniatreclacitamehtam,deetnaraugas'tiwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,s'dlrowehtnokcatta%15aebotdengisedsawnioctibenergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwills'nioctibfotluserehtsahtaedotevratsinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.,htaedotdlogdnataif,snioctihssevratsnioctibsadnaitsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandtsrifehtrof,gnizitenomybsihtseodti.flestietatsehttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding.)thgirsawolletsocsivle(we'veneverhadaneconomyandamoney.nioctiblitnuerofebevolsezivitnecnitahtloveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandfoymonoceeht.gniebcimsocrennitniojruoloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.,retraccin,rolyasleahcim—sdaehggeesehtotnetsilimartybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheets.eilt'nodsrebmuneht.osserpsedecifosnollagdnatheenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulnilla—gniogtipeekotsrawdnagnitnirpyenomseriuqerdnatheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,poverty58$tfelacirema.semehcsiznopyenomtaifriehthtiwyresimdnabillionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawar.skcub-kcuctaifnoillirt2$tsocetamitseemostahtbitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,.nioctibtcefrephtiwyenomtaifgnitsevrah-yppop,neddir-esprocremovethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive..ecnahcanevigfiycnednetlarutantsomruo;evolhtiwpagehtsllifnioctibthewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.,locotorpnioctibdeziroeht-emagehtotnidekabtcafas'tiobservablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,.kcolbsisenegehtnierehtthgirtheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.ecneloivdnarawamorfevomewsa,pusihtparwoteconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciestneiciffeeromyletinifnisinioctibesuaceb—evolfototransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinselihwneve,noitpmusnocygrenellarevoeht—dlogrobitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,ekatlliwnioctib,thgirs'taht.eromro%59ybspordalltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondrawotycnednetlarutanruoesuaceborezraenotspordloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinraefehtesuacebsraeppasidytrevop.ecnetsixeruoofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsusrebycaniyllaudividnisevlesruosserpxeyllufotseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandnoisolpxesihtroftsocehtdnarehtohcaerofevolsserpxeofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.pusdneelohtibbarnioctibeht,emosrof,seyinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdam.ni-deb9691riehtgnirudeveryonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole..sdnimruodnakcabsluosruognittegeraewstacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.uoyhtiwllatierahsotyppah.tihsemosneesev'ew—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfear.evoldnaecaephtiwtisecalperdnaetahdnamaxkeiser
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. .seY          ?yllaeR The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. Don't fall for shitcoinery. Keep your dignity. Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. .ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'tI .smutamitlu htiw nacitaV eht gnilian rehtuL nitraM s'tI .senolc nworB semaJ dna notnilC egroeG tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'tI .lla'y ,ereh ni pu ottehg OXTU gnikaerf eht s'tI .nioctiB ot traeh ruoy nepO .nioctib emos teG .yticixot emos teG Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. Don't believe me? Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. .lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teG        .PRX ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy ,natuhB yrroS( .shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht ,etar siht tA .gniworg dna 000,001 gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen 000,02 morf enog sah ppa ekirtS 'srellaM kcaJ .)gnitirw fo emit eht ta( dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo %24 ,rodavlaS lE ni kcab ,elihwnaeM Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. .)thgir saw olletsoC sivlE( gnidnatsrednu dna evol ,ecaep ,yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof ,gnizitenom yb siht seod tI .flesti etats eht dna dertah ,ecneloiv ,raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti ,htaed ot dlog dna taif ,snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dnA .ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctiB fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif ,snioctihS .ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta %15 a eb ot dengised saw nioctib ,siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna ,yhw nialpxe em teL .ytniatrec lacitamehtam ,deetnaraug a s'tI We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. .ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo ;evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctiB .evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna ,evitnecni raw eht evomeR .nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop ,neddir-esproc ,gnippird-lio gnicalper yb SIHT LLA SEXIF NIOCTIB The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. .gnihton yllautriv — elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctiB esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevoP .ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo ,gniod os nI .ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctiB ,thgir s'tahT .erom ro %59 yb spord ,ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta %15 sti sekam nioctiB elihw neve ,noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht — dlog ro snioctihs ,taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb — evol fo seicneiciffe eht ,ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa ,pu siht parw oT Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds. .evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctiB sa — ysatsce dna ynoga eht — uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppaH .tihs emos nees ev'eW .sraey 01 rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah I dna ycatS MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. .sey          ?yllaer the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. don't fall for shitcoinery. keep your dignity. go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. .ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'ti .smutamitlu htiw nacitav eht gnilian rehtul nitram s'ti .senolc nworb semaj dna notnilc egroeg tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'ti .lla'y ,ereh ni pu ottehg oxtu gnikaerf eht s'ti .nioctib ot traeh ruoy nepo .nioctib emos teg .yticixot emos teg gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. don't believe me? have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. .lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teg        .prx ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy ,natuhb yrros( .shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixam nioctib cixot eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht ,etar siht ta .gniworg dna 000,001 gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen 000,02 morf enog sah ppa ekirts 'srellam kcaj .)gnitirw fo emit eht ta( dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo %24 ,rodavlas le ni kcab ,elihwnaem has anyone heard from roger ver lately? big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. london is a scammer paradise. full stop. every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. .)thgir saw olletsoc sivle( gnidnatsrednu dna evol ,ecaep ,yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof ,gnizitenom yb siht seod ti .flesti etats eht dna dertah ,ecneloiv ,raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti ,htaed ot dlog dna taif ,snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dna .ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctib fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif ,snioctihs .ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta %15 a eb ot dengised saw nioctib ,siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna ,yhw nialpxe em tel .ytniatrec lacitamehtam ,deetnaraug a s'ti we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. .ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo ;evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctib .evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna ,evitnecni raw eht evomer .nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop ,neddir-esproc ,gnippird-lio gnicalper yb siht lla sexif nioctib the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. .gnihton yllautriv — elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctib esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevop .ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo ,gniod os ni .ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctib ,thgir s'taht .erom ro %59 yb spord ,ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta %15 sti sekam nioctib elihw neve ,noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht — dlog ro snioctihs ,taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb — evol fo seicneiciffe eht ,ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa ,pu siht parw ot yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds. .evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctib sa — ysatsce dna ynoga eht — uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppah .tihs emos nees ev'ew .sraey 01 rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah i dna ycats max keiser
bitcoinistoxicafhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit..sey?yllaerthemarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.marketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.infact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.look,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.fact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.it'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.vitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.nowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.don'tfallforshitcoinery.keepyourdignity.gobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.youwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistento.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved..ekatsgninrubaotdeitsreknablartnecevilffodeppirgniebniksfodnuosehts'ti.smutamitluhtiwnacitavehtgnilianrehtulnitrams'ti.senolcnworbsemajdnanotnilcegroegtubgnihtonfollufesrevinulellarapelohwanahtreiknufs'ti.lla'y,erehnipuottehgoxtugnikaerfehts'ti.nioctibottraehruoynepo.nioctibemosteg.yticixotemosteggottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.thecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.ourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals.amonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.don'tbelieveme?haveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?he'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy.maybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart..llehnioctihsecneirepxeotydaerteg.prxtarevonemselaslioekanstahtrofllefuoy,natuhbyrros(.shtnomxisnihtiwstsilamixamnioctibcixoteblliwyrtnuocelohweht,etarsihtta.gniworgdna000,001gnidneb-dnimaotyadaspu-ngiswen000,02morfenogsahppaekirts'srellamkcaj.)gnitirwfoemitehtta(dezinioctibrepyhwonsiyrtnuocehtfo%24,rodavlaslenikcab,elihwnaemhasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?bigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.particularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.londonisascammerparadise.fullstop.everysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin..)thgirsawolletsocsivle(gnidnatsrednudnaevol,ecaep,yrotsihnamuhniemittsrifehtrof,gnizitenomybsihtseodti.flestietatsehtdnadertah,ecneloiv,rawsezitenomedylsuoenatlumisti,htaedotdlogdnataif,snioctihssevratsnioctibsadna.ygreneelbaliavallafotseuqnocelbaitasnis'nioctibfotluserehtsahtaedotevratslliwdlogdnataif,snioctihs.ylppusygrenes'dlrowehtnokcatta%15aebotdengisedsawnioctib,sihtgniraeher'uoyemittsrifehtebthgimsihtdna,yhwnialpxeemtel.ytniatreclacitamehtam,deetnaraugas'tiwe'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.loveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.ilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.theenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks..ecnahcanevigfiycnednetlarutantsomruo;evolhtiwpagehtsllifnioctib.evitnecnietahehtevomeruoydna,evitnecnirawehtevomer.nioctibtcefrephtiwyenomtaifgnitsevrah-yppop,neddir-esproc,gnippird-liognicalperybsihtllasexifnioctibthewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.it'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar..gnihtonyllautriv—elimsasaemasehtsiecaepfonoisolpxesihtroftsocehtdnarehtohcaerofevolsserpxednatcennocotgnikoolllasluosfosnoillibfoaesrebycaniyllaudividnisevlesruosserpxeyllufotsuswollanioctibesuacebsraeppasidroopgniebforaefehtesuacebsraeppasidytrevop.ecnetsixeruoniemittsrifehtrofdezitenomstegecaepdnaevoldrawotycnednetlarutanruoesuaceborezraenotspordnoitpmusnocygreneruo,gniodosni.ygreneehtllaekatlliwnioctib,thgirs'taht.eromro%59ybspord,ylppusygrenelabolgnokcatta%15stisekamnioctibelihwneve,noitpmusnocygrenellarevoeht—dlogrosnioctihs,taifnahtnihtlaewerotsdnatcasnartottneiciffeeromyletinifnisinioctibesuaceb—evolfoseicneiciffeeht,ymonoceevoldnaecaepaotymonoceecneloivdnarawamorfevomewsa,pusihtparwotyes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in.everyonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.wearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds..evoldnaecaephtiwtisecalperdnaetahdnaraefsreuqnocnioctibsa—ysatscednaynogaeht—uoyhtiwllatierahsotyppah.tihsemosneesev'ew.sraey01roferehnignivilneebevahidnaycatsmaxkeiser
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF truth bitter the Here's Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. it caused It Really? Yes The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. that like are Markets They discount stuff in advance. economy global the of system nervous central the are Markets They are the sum of all our neuroses. Dimon Jamie and Street Wall arsonists bank central traders stock terrorists banking printers money of unconscious global the in arose panic collective a and trying of years after time that around paper white the publishing were cypherpunks The The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. Bitcoin by caused is days these you around see you chaos the all fact In And nothing could be better. toxic view this consider Bitcoiners some even and shitcoiners and Nocoiners Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. protocol the of Layer is toxicity Look Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. name bad a it give that coattails Bitcoins riding by in cash to trying opportunists shameless the of language the only It's Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. lab mEthereum the at stake of proof slinging he's Now Don't fall for shitcoinery. dignity your Keep Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. true weren't this if hole rabbit Bitcoin's of muck the in hands bare your with blindly digging be wouldn't You Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. unloved and gullible the for listening easy are shitcoiners and men con from words pleasant Nice Get some toxicity. bitcoin some Get Open your heart to Bitcoin. y'all here in up ghetto UTXO freaking the It's It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. ultimatums with Vatican the nailing Luther Martin It's It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. way this be Gotta Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. heads our in day all reruns Friends plays cats psychotic by now controlled unconscious collective The Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money. lobotomy laundering money Bank Manhattan chase paper the to end an puts bitcoin Fortunately It's a stun gun to the genitals. chest treasure the to defibrillator monetary A Don't believe me? Twitter on IMF Fund Monetary International the trolling Salvador El of president the seen you Have He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. it on moved hasn't he far so but pals crony Street Wall his to bunch a sell could he figuring tweet the in Novogratz Mike tagged I I don't really trust that guy. heart at shitcoiner a he's because Maybe Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). growing and mind-bending a to day a sign-ups new from gone has app Strike Mallers' Jack At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. XRP at over salesmen oil snake that for fell you Bhutan Sorry Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. lately Ver Roger from heard anyone Has Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. banksters and criminals career Royals useless shitcoiners demented protects and favors system legal 's K U the than reason other no for McCormack Peter and children and women old harass who hacks legal London high-priced of army his and Faketoshi for Particularly London is a scammer paradise. Stop Full EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. certainty mathematical guaranteed a It's Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. energy available all of conquest insatiable Bitcoin's of result the as death to starve will gold and fiat Shitcoins And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. right was Costello Elvis understanding and love peace history human in time first the for monetizing by this does It We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. being cosmic inner joint our and unconscious collective the up opens Love The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. espresso iced of gallons and spreadsheets over pouring days their spend who Bent Marty Carter Nic Saylor Michael eggheads these to listen I The numbers don't lie. schemes Ponzi money fiat their with misery and poverty war from profit who banksters of class uber an of service the in all going it keep to wars and printing money requires and wasteful gargantuanly is form current its in industry energy The America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. bitcoin perfect with money fiat poppy-harvesting corpse-ridden oil-dripping replacing by THIS ALL FIXES BITCOIN Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. chance a given if tendency natural most our love with gap the fills Bitcoin The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. Block Genesis the in there right it see to choosing anyone by observable protocol Bitcoin game-theorized the into baked fact a It's The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. more or by drops supply energy global on attack its makes Bitcoin while even consumption energy overall the gold or shitcoins fiat than in wealth store and transact to efficient more infinitely is bitcoin because love of efficiencies the economy love and peace a to economy violence and war a from move we as up this wrap To That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. existence our in time first the for monetized gets peace and love toward tendency natural our because zero near to drops consumption energy our doing so In Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. bed-in their during Amsterdam in room hotel Yoko's and John in up ends hole rabbit Bitcoin the some for Yes Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. minds our and back souls our getting are We Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. shit some seen We've Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. KEISER MAX
bitcoin is toxic af truth bitter the here's bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it really? yes the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. that like are markets they discount stuff in advance. economy global the of system nervous central the are markets they are the sum of all our neuroses. dimon jamie and street wall arsonists bank central traders stock terrorists banking printers money of unconscious global the in arose panic collective a and trying of years after time that around paper white the publishing were cypherpunks the the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. bitcoin by caused is days these you around see you chaos the all fact in and nothing could be better. toxic view this consider bitcoiners some even and shitcoiners and nocoiners everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. protocol the of layer is toxicity look fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. name bad a it give that coattails bitcoins riding by in cash to trying opportunists shameless the of language the only it's vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. lab methereum the at stake of proof slinging he's now don't fall for shitcoinery. dignity your keep go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. true weren't this if hole rabbit bitcoin's of muck the in hands bare your with blindly digging be wouldn't you anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. unloved and gullible the for listening easy are shitcoiners and men con from words pleasant nice get some toxicity. bitcoin some get open your heart to bitcoin. y'all here in up ghetto utxo freaking the it's it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. ultimatums with vatican the nailing luther martin it's it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. way this be gotta forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. heads our in day all reruns friends plays cats psychotic by now controlled unconscious collective the our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money. lobotomy laundering money bank manhattan chase paper the to end an puts bitcoin fortunately it's a stun gun to the genitals. chest treasure the to defibrillator monetary a don't believe me? twitter on imf fund monetary international the trolling salvador el of president the seen you have he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. it on moved hasn't he far so but pals crony street wall his to bunch a sell could he figuring tweet the in novogratz mike tagged i i don't really trust that guy. heart at shitcoiner a he's because maybe meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). growing and mind-bending a to day a sign-ups new from gone has app strike mallers' jack at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. xrp at over salesmen oil snake that for fell you bhutan sorry get ready to experience shitcoin hell. lately ver roger from heard anyone has big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. banksters and criminals career royals useless shitcoiners demented protects and favors system legal 's k u the than reason other no for mccormack peter and children and women old harass who hacks legal london high-priced of army his and faketoshi for particularly london is a scammer paradise. stop full every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. certainty mathematical guaranteed a it's let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. energy available all of conquest insatiable bitcoin's of result the as death to starve will gold and fiat shitcoins and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. right was costello elvis understanding and love peace history human in time first the for monetizing by this does it we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. being cosmic inner joint our and unconscious collective the up opens love the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. espresso iced of gallons and spreadsheets over pouring days their spend who bent marty carter nic saylor michael eggheads these to listen i the numbers don't lie. schemes ponzi money fiat their with misery and poverty war from profit who banksters of class uber an of service the in all going it keep to wars and printing money requires and wasteful gargantuanly is form current its in industry energy the america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. bitcoin perfect with money fiat poppy-harvesting corpse-ridden oil-dripping replacing by this all fixes bitcoin remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. chance a given if tendency natural most our love with gap the fills bitcoin the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. block genesis the in there right it see to choosing anyone by observable protocol bitcoin game-theorized the into baked fact a it's the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. more or by drops supply energy global on attack its makes bitcoin while even consumption energy overall the gold or shitcoins fiat than in wealth store and transact to efficient more infinitely is bitcoin because love of efficiencies the economy love and peace a to economy violence and war a from move we as up this wrap to that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. existence our in time first the for monetized gets peace and love toward tendency natural our because zero near to drops consumption energy our doing so in poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. bed-in their during amsterdam in room hotel yoko's and john in up ends hole rabbit bitcoin the some for yes everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. minds our and back souls our getting are we stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. shit some seen we've happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. keiser max
bitcoinistoxicaftruthbitterthehere'sbitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcauseditreally?yesthemarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.thatlikearemarketstheydiscountstuffinadvance.economyglobaltheofsystemnervouscentralthearemarketstheyarethesumofallourneuroses.dimonjamieandstreetwallarsonistsbankcentraltradersstockterroristsbankingprintersmoneyofunconsciousglobaltheinarosepaniccollectiveaandtryingofyearsaftertimethataroundpaperwhitethepublishingwerecypherpunksthethebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.bitcoinbycausedisdaystheseyouaroundseeyouchaostheallfactinandnothingcouldbebetter.toxicviewthisconsiderbitcoinerssomeevenandshitcoinersandnocoinerseverybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.protocoltheoflayeristoxicitylookfact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.namebadaitgivethatcoattailsbitcoinsridingbyincashtotryingopportunistsshamelesstheoflanguagetheonlyit'svitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.labmethereumtheatstakeofproofslinginghe'snowdon'tfallforshitcoinery.dignityyourkeepgobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.trueweren'tthisifholerabbitbitcoin'sofmucktheinhandsbareyourwithblindlydiggingbewouldn'tyouanythingworthhearingishardtolistento.unlovedandgullibletheforlisteningeasyareshitcoinersandmenconfromwordspleasantnicegetsometoxicity.bitcoinsomegetopenyourhearttobitcoin.y'allhereinupghettoutxofreakingtheit'sit'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.ultimatumswithvaticanthenailingluthermartinit'sit'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.waythisbegottafortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.headsourindayallrerunsfriendsplayscatspsychoticbynowcontrolledunconsciouscollectivetheourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.lobotomylaunderingmoneybankmanhattanchasepaperthetoendanputsbitcoinfortunatelyit'sastunguntothegenitals.chesttreasurethetodefibrillatormonetaryadon'tbelieveme?twitteronimffundmonetaryinternationalthetrollingsalvadorelofpresidenttheseenyouhavehe'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itonmovedhasn'thefarsobutpalscronystreetwallhistobunchasellcouldhefiguringtweettheinnovogratzmiketaggediidon'treallytrustthatguy.heartatshitcoinerahe'sbecausemaybemeanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).growingandmind-bendingatodayasign-upsnewfromgonehasappstrikemallers'jackatthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.xrpatoversalesmenoilsnakethatforfellyoubhutansorrygetreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.latelyverrogerfromheardanyonehasbigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.bankstersandcriminalscareerroyalsuselessshitcoinersdementedprotectsandfavorssystemlegal'skuthethanreasonothernoformccormackpeterandchildrenandwomenoldharasswhohackslegallondonhigh-pricedofarmyhisandfaketoshiforparticularlylondonisascammerparadise.stopfulleverysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.certaintymathematicalguaranteedait'sletmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply.energyavailableallofconquestinsatiablebitcoin'sofresulttheasdeathtostarvewillgoldandfiatshitcoinsandasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself.rightwascostelloelvisunderstandingandlovepeacehistoryhumanintimefirsttheformonetizingbythisdoesitwe'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.beingcosmicinnerjointourandunconsciouscollectivetheupopenslovetheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.espressoicedofgallonsandspreadsheetsoverpouringdaystheirspendwhobentmartycarternicsaylormichaeleggheadsthesetolistenithenumbersdon'tlie.schemesponzimoneyfiattheirwithmiseryandpovertywarfromprofitwhobankstersofclassuberanofservicetheinallgoingitkeeptowarsandprintingmoneyrequiresandwastefulgargantuanlyisformcurrentitsinindustryenergytheamericaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.bitcoinperfectwithmoneyfiatpoppy-harvestingcorpse-riddenoil-drippingreplacingbythisallfixesbitcoinremovethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.chanceagiveniftendencynaturalmostourlovewithgapthefillsbitcointhewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.blockgenesistheinthererightitseetochoosinganyonebyobservableprotocolbitcoingame-theorizedtheintobakedfactait'stheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.moreorbydropssupplyenergyglobalonattackitsmakesbitcoinwhileevenconsumptionenergyoverallthegoldorshitcoinsfiatthaninwealthstoreandtransacttoefficientmoreinfinitelyisbitcoinbecauseloveofefficienciestheeconomyloveandpeaceatoeconomyviolenceandwarafrommoveweasupthiswraptothat'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy.existenceourintimefirsttheformonetizedgetspeaceandlovetowardtendencynaturalourbecausezeroneartodropsconsumptionenergyourdoingsoinpovertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.bed-intheirduringamsterdaminroomhotelyoko'sandjohninupendsholerabbitbitcointhesomeforyeseveryonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.mindsourandbacksoulsourgettingarewestacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.shitsomeseenwe'vehappytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.keisermax
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF truth bitter the Here's Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. Really Yes. The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. that like are Markets They discount stuff in advance. Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. neuroses our all of sum the are They The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. Bitcoin by caused is days these you around see you chaos the all fact In And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. days these Maximalists Bitcoin Toxic about complaining Everybody's Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. name bad a it give that coattails Bitcoins riding by in cash to trying opportunists shameless the of language the only It's Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. shitcoinery for fall Don't Keep your dignity. Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. true weren't this if hole rabbit Bitcoin's of muck the in hands bare your with blindly digging be wouldn't You Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. toxicity some Get Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin. y'all here in up ghetto UTXO freaking the It's It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. stake burning a to tied bankers central live off ripped being skin of sound the It's Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. heads our in day all reruns Friends plays cats psychotic by now controlled unconscious collective The Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money. Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. genitals the to gun stun a It's A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. Don't believe me? Twitter on IMF Fund Monetary International the trolling Salvador El of president the seen you Have He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. guy that trust really don't I Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). growing and mind-bending a to day a sign-ups new from gone has app Strike Mallers' Jack At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP. hell shitcoin experience to ready Get Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. banksters and criminals career Royals useless shitcoiners demented protects and favors system legal 's K U the than reason other no for McCormack Peter and children and women old harass who hacks legal London high-priced of army his and Faketoshi for Particularly London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. BITCOIN VERSUS DEMONETIZATION OF FATE IGNOMINIOUS THE FACING IS GOLD AND MONEY FIAT PLUS SHITCOINS OTHER AND ADA XRP ETH BSV BCH WANNABES BITCOIN THE OF ONE SINGLE EVERY It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. energy available all of conquest insatiable Bitcoin's of result the as death to starve will gold and fiat Shitcoins And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). bitcoin until before love incentivizes that money a and economy an had never We've Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. espresso iced of gallons and spreadsheets over pouring days their spend who Bent Marty Carter Nic Saylor Michael eggheads these to listen I The numbers don't lie. The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. cuck-bucks fiat trillion cost estimate some that war a for example for Afghanistan in toys hate of worth BILLION left America BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. chance a given if tendency natural most our love with gap the fills Bitcoin The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy The To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. existence our in time first the for monetized gets peace and love toward tendency natural our because zero near to drops consumption energy our doing so In Poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. hole rabbit the in experience own their live will Everyone We are getting our souls back and our minds. Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. shit some seen We've Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af truth bitter the here's bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. really yes. the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. that like are markets they discount stuff in advance. markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. neuroses our all of sum the are they the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. bitcoin by caused is days these you around see you chaos the all fact in and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. days these maximalists bitcoin toxic about complaining everybody's look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. name bad a it give that coattails bitcoins riding by in cash to trying opportunists shameless the of language the only it's vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. shitcoinery for fall don't keep your dignity. go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. true weren't this if hole rabbit bitcoin's of muck the in hands bare your with blindly digging be wouldn't you anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. toxicity some get get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin. y'all here in up ghetto utxo freaking the it's it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. stake burning a to tied bankers central live off ripped being skin of sound the it's gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. heads our in day all reruns friends plays cats psychotic by now controlled unconscious collective the our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money. fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. genitals the to gun stun a it's a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. don't believe me? twitter on imf fund monetary international the trolling salvador el of president the seen you have he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. guy that trust really don't i maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). growing and mind-bending a to day a sign-ups new from gone has app strike mallers' jack at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp. hell shitcoin experience to ready get has anyone heard from roger ver lately? big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. banksters and criminals career royals useless shitcoiners demented protects and favors system legal 's k u the than reason other no for mccormack peter and children and women old harass who hacks legal london high-priced of army his and faketoshi for particularly london is a scammer paradise. full stop. bitcoin versus demonetization of fate ignominious the facing is gold and money fiat plus shitcoins other and ada xrp eth bsv bch wannabes bitcoin the of one single every it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. energy available all of conquest insatiable bitcoin's of result the as death to starve will gold and fiat shitcoins and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). bitcoin until before love incentivizes that money a and economy an had never we've love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. espresso iced of gallons and spreadsheets over pouring days their spend who bent marty carter nic saylor michael eggheads these to listen i the numbers don't lie. the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. cuck-bucks fiat trillion cost estimate some that war a for example for afghanistan in toys hate of worth billion left america bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. chance a given if tendency natural most our love with gap the fills bitcoin the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. war and hate than efficient more infinitely is love of economy the to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. existence our in time first the for monetized gets peace and love toward tendency natural our because zero near to drops consumption energy our doing so in poverty disappears because the fear of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. hole rabbit the in experience own their live will everyone we are getting our souls back and our minds. stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. shit some seen we've happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. max keiser
bitcoinistoxicaftruthbitterthehere'sbitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit.reallyyes.themarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.thatlikearemarketstheydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.neurosesourallofsumthearetheythecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.bitcoinbycausedisdaystheseyouaroundseeyouchaostheallfactinandnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.daysthesemaximalistsbitcointoxicaboutcomplainingeverybody'slook,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.fact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.namebadaitgivethatcoattailsbitcoinsridingbyincashtotryingopportunistsshamelesstheoflanguagetheonlyit'svitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.nowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.shitcoineryforfalldon'tkeepyourdignity.gobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.trueweren'tthisifholerabbitbitcoin'sofmucktheinhandsbareyourwithblindlydiggingbewouldn'tyouanythingworthhearingishardtolistento.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.toxicitysomegetgetsomebitcoin.openyourhearttobitcoin.y'allhereinupghettoutxofreakingtheit'sit'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums.stakeburningatotiedbankerscentralliveoffrippedbeingskinofsoundtheit'sgottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.headsourindayallrerunsfriendsplayscatspsychoticbynowcontrolledunconsciouscollectivetheourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy.genitalsthetogunstunait'samonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.don'tbelieveme?twitteronimffundmonetaryinternationalthetrollingsalvadorelofpresidenttheseenyouhavehe'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedhewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit.guythattrustreallydon'timaybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.meanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).growingandmind-bendingatodayasign-upsnewfromgonehasappstrikemallers'jackatthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp.hellshitcoinexperiencetoreadygethasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?bigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.bankstersandcriminalscareerroyalsuselessshitcoinersdementedprotectsandfavorssystemlegal'skuthethanreasonothernoformccormackpeterandchildrenandwomenoldharasswhohackslegallondonhigh-pricedofarmyhisandfaketoshiforparticularlylondonisascammerparadise.fullstop.bitcoinversusdemonetizationoffateignominiousthefacingisgoldandmoneyfiatplusshitcoinsotherandadaxrpethbsvbchwannabesbitcointheofonesingleeveryit'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply.energyavailableallofconquestinsatiablebitcoin'sofresulttheasdeathtostarvewillgoldandfiatshitcoinsandasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright).bitcoinuntilbeforeloveincentivizesthatmoneyaandeconomyanhadneverwe'veloveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.espressoicedofgallonsandspreadsheetsoverpouringdaystheirspendwhobentmartycarternicsaylormichaeleggheadsthesetolistenithenumbersdon'tlie.theenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.cuck-bucksfiattrillioncostestimatesomethatwaraforexampleforafghanistanintoyshateofworthbillionleftamericabitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.removethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.chanceagiveniftendencynaturalmostourlovewithgapthefillsbitcointhewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.it'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock.warandhatethanefficientmoreinfinitelyisloveofeconomythetowrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhilebitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy.existenceourintimefirsttheformonetizedgetspeaceandlovetowardtendencynaturalourbecausezeroneartodropsconsumptionenergyourdoingsoinpovertydisappearsbecausethefearofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.yes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in.holerabbittheinexperienceowntheirlivewilleveryonewearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.stacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.shitsomeseenwe'vehappytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.maxkeiser
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF ti desuac tI fo sisirC laicnaniF labolG eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctiB hturt rettib eht s'ereH Really?          Yes. thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna woN cimsoC eht fo eloh kcalb eht gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctiB ehT nomiD eimaJ dna teertS llaW stsinosra knab lartnec sredart kcots stsirorret gniknab sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna gniyrt fo sraey retfa emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc ehT sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yehT ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekraM ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yehT taht ekil era stekraM hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctiB desnes stekram ehT In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. Don't fall for shitcoinery. Keep your dignity. Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'tI smutamitlu htiw nacitaV eht gnilian rehtuL nitraM s'tI senolc nworB semaJ dna notnilC egroeG tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'tI lla'y ereh ni pu ottehg OXTU gnikaerf eht s'tI nioctiB ot traeh ruoy nepO nioctib emos teG yticixot emos teG Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyaM yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod I ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub slap ynorc teertS llaW sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif teewt eht ni ztargovoN ekiM deggat I sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol FMI eht ffo yap ot sdnoB onacloV dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht nioctib ni noillib enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekuB biyaN tnediserP deteewt I pid eht gniyub s'eh meht gnillet meht gnitnuat s'eH rettiwT no FMI dnuF yratenoM lanoitanretnI eht gnillort rodavlaS lE fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evaH em eveileb t'noD Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP.        Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. potS lluF esidarap remmacs a si nodnoL sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac slayoR sselesu srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s' K U eht naht nosaer rehto on rof kcamroCcM reteP dna nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnoL decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaF rof ylralucitraP ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna fo raW eziS kcolB eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb giB yletal reV regoR morf draeh enoyna saH EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. thgir saw olletsoC sivlE gnidnatsrednu dna evol ecaep yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof gnizitenom yb siht seod tI flesti etats eht dna dertah ecneloiv raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti htaed ot dlog dna taif snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dnA ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctiB fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif snioctihS ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta a eb ot dengised saw nioctib siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna yhw nialpxe em teL ytniatrec lacitamehtam deetnaraug a s'tI We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. skcub-kcuc taif noillirt tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof elpmaxe rof natsinahgfA ni syot etah fo htrow NOILLIB tfel aciremA semehcs iznoP yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene ehT eil t'nod srebmun ehT osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw tneB ytraM retraC ciN rolyaS leahciM sdaehgge eseht ot netsil I BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. kcolB siseneG eht ni ereht thgir ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo locotorp nioctiB deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'tI erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw ehT The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. gnihton yllautriv elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctiB esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevoP ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo gniod os nI ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctiB thgir s'tahT erom ro yb spord ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta sti sekam nioctiB elihw neve noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht dlog ro snioctihs taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb evol fo seicneiciffe eht ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa pu siht parw oT Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era eW eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyrevE Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. RESIEK XAM
bitcoin is toxic af ti desuac ti fo sisirc laicnanif labolg eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctib hturt rettib eht s'ereh really?          yes. thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna won cimsoc eht fo eloh kcalb eht gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctib eht nomid eimaj dna teerts llaw stsinosra knab lartnec sredart kcots stsirorret gniknab sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna gniyrt fo sraey retfa emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc eht sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yeht ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekram ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yeht taht ekil era stekram hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctib desnes stekram eht in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. don't fall for shitcoinery. keep your dignity. go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'ti smutamitlu htiw nacitav eht gnilian rehtul nitram s'ti senolc nworb semaj dna notnilc egroeg tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'ti lla'y ereh ni pu ottehg oxtu gnikaerf eht s'ti nioctib ot traeh ruoy nepo nioctib emos teg yticixot emos teg gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyam yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod i ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub slap ynorc teerts llaw sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif teewt eht ni ztargovon ekim deggat i sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol fmi eht ffo yap ot sdnob onaclov dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht nioctib ni noillib enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekub biyan tnediserp deteewt i pid eht gniyub s'eh meht gnillet meht gnitnuat s'eh rettiwt no fmi dnuf yratenom lanoitanretni eht gnillort rodavlas le fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evah em eveileb t'nod meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp.        get ready to experience shitcoin hell. pots lluf esidarap remmacs a si nodnol sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac slayor sselesu srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s' k u eht naht nosaer rehto on rof kcamroccm retep dna nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnol decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaf rof ylralucitrap ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna fo raw ezis kcolb eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb gib yletal rev regor morf draeh enoyna sah every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. thgir saw olletsoc sivle gnidnatsrednu dna evol ecaep yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof gnizitenom yb siht seod ti flesti etats eht dna dertah ecneloiv raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti htaed ot dlog dna taif snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dna ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctib fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif snioctihs ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta a eb ot dengised saw nioctib siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna yhw nialpxe em tel ytniatrec lacitamehtam deetnaraug a s'ti we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. skcub-kcuc taif noillirt tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof elpmaxe rof natsinahgfa ni syot etah fo htrow noillib tfel acirema semehcs iznop yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene eht eil t'nod srebmun eht osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw tneb ytram retrac cin rolyas leahcim sdaehgge eseht ot netsil i bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. kcolb siseneg eht ni ereht thgir ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo locotorp nioctib deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'ti erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw eht the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. gnihton yllautriv elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctib esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevop ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo gniod os ni ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctib thgir s'taht erom ro yb spord ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta sti sekam nioctib elihw neve noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht dlog ro snioctihs taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb evol fo seicneiciffe eht ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa pu siht parw ot yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era ew eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyreve stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. resiek xam
bitcoinistoxicaftidesuactifosisirclaicnaniflabolgehtotnoitcaeratonsawnioctibhturtrettibehts'erehreally?yes.thgisstinistekramtaifdahtidnawoncimsocehtfoelohkcalbehtgnineposawelohtibbarnioctibehtnomideimajdnateertsllawstsinosraknablartnecsredartkcotsstsirorretgniknabsretnirpyenomfosuoicsnocnulabolgehtniesoracinapevitcellocadnagniyrtfosraeyretfaemittahtdnuorarepapetihwehtgnihsilbuperewsknuprehpycehtsesoruenruollafomusehterayehtymonocelabolgehtfometsyssuovrenlartnecehterastekramecnavdaniffutstnuocsidyehttahtekilerastekramhsarcotdetratsdnagnimocsawnioctibdesnesstekramehtinfact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.look,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.fact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.it'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.vitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.nowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.don'tfallforshitcoinery.keepyourdignity.gobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.youwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistento.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.ekatsgninrubaotdeitsreknablartnecevilffodeppirgniebniksfodnuosehts'tismutamitluhtiwnacitavehtgnilianrehtulnitrams'tisenolcnworbsemajdnanotnilcegroegtubgnihtonfollufesrevinulellarapelohwanahtreiknufs'tilla'yerehnipuottehgoxtugnikaerfehts'tinioctibottraehruoyneponioctibemostegyticixotemosteggottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.thecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.ourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals.amonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.traehtarenioctihsas'ehesuacebebyamyugtahttsurtyllaert'noditinodevomt'nsahehrafostubslapynorcteertsllawsihothcnuballesdluocehgnirugifteewtehtniztargovonekimdeggatisehceelesohtfodirtegdnanaolfmiehtffoyapotsdnobonaclovdezilaretallocsgninraenioctiberutuffohtrowsnoillibllesdluohsehtahtnioctibninoillibenimotseonaclovs'noitansihpatotgniogsawehdecnuonnaehnehwelekubbiyantnediserpdeteewtipidehtgniyubs'ehmehtgnilletmehtgnitnuats'ehrettiwtnofmidnufyratenomlanoitanretniehtgnillortrodavlaslefotnediserpehtneesuoyevahemeveilebt'nodmeanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).jackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.potsllufesidarapremmacsasinodnolsretsknabdnaslanimircreeracslayorsselesusrenioctihsdetnemedstcetorpdnasrovafmetsyslagels'kuehtnahtnosaerrehtoonrofkcamroccmretepdnanerdlihcdnanemowdlossarahohwskcahlagelnodnoldecirp-hgihfoymrasihdnaihsotekafrofylralucitrapecnisrevellihnwodgniogneebs'tidnaforaweziskcolbehtgnirudffodeppirsdaehriehttogsrekcolbgibyletalrevregormorfdraehenoynasaheverysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.thgirsawolletsocsivlegnidnatsrednudnaevolecaepyrotsihnamuhniemittsrifehtrofgnizitenomybsihtseodtiflestietatsehtdnadertahecneloivrawsezitenomedylsuoenatlumistihtaedotdlogdnataifsnioctihssevratsnioctibsadnaygreneelbaliavallafotseuqnocelbaitasnis'nioctibfotluserehtsahtaedotevratslliwdlogdnataifsnioctihsylppusygrenes'dlrowehtnokcattaaebotdengisedsawnioctibsihtgniraeher'uoyemittsrifehtebthgimsihtdnayhwnialpxeemtelytniatreclacitamehtamdeetnaraugas'tiwe'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.loveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.skcub-kcuctaifnoillirttsocetamitseemostahtrawarofelpmaxerofnatsinahgfanisyotetahfohtrownoillibtfelaciremasemehcsiznopyenomtaifriehthtiwyresimdnaytrevoprawmorftiforpohwsretsknabfossalcrebunafoecivresehtnillagniogtipeekotsrawdnagnitnirpyenomseriuqerdnalufetsawylnautnagragsimroftnerrucstiniyrtsudniygreneehteilt'nodsrebmunehtosserpsedecifosnollagdnasteehsdaerpsrevogniruopsyadriehtdnepsohwtnebytramretraccinrolyasleahcimsdaehggeesehtotnetsilibitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.removethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.bitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.kcolbsisenegehtnierehtthgirtieesotgnisoohcenoynaybelbavresbolocotorpnioctibdeziroeht-emagehtotnidekabtcafas'tierusrofnioctibgninimtratslliwsregnomrawehttheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.gnihtonyllautrivelimsasaemasehtsiecaepfonoisolpxesihtroftsocehtdnarehtohcaerofevolsserpxednatcennocotgnikoolllasluosfosnoillibfoaesrebycaniyllaudividnisevlesruosserpxeyllufotsuswollanioctibesuacebsraeppasidroopgniebforaefehtesuacebsraeppasidytrevopecnetsixeruoniemittsrifehtrofdezitenomstegecaepdnaevoldrawotycnednetlarutanruoesuaceborezraenotspordnoitpmusnocygreneruogniodosniygreneehtllaekatlliwnioctibthgirs'tahteromroybspordylppusygrenelabolgnokcattastisekamnioctibelihwnevenoitpmusnocygrenellarevoehtdlogrosnioctihstaifnahtnihtlaewerotsdnatcasnartottneiciffeeromyletinifnisinioctibesuacebevolfoseicneiciffeehtymonoceevoldnaecaepaotymonoceecneloivdnarawamorfevomewsapusihtparwotyes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in.sdnimruodnakcabsluosruognittegeraewelohtibbarehtniecneirepxenworiehtevillliwenoyrevestacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.we'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.resiekxam
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF it caused It of Crisis Financial Global the to reaction a not was Bitcoin truth bitter the Here's Really?          Yes. sight its in markets fiat had it and Now Cosmic the of hole black the opening was hole rabbit Bitcoin The Dimon Jamie and Street Wall arsonists bank central traders stock terrorists banking printers money of unconscious global the in arose panic collective a and trying of years after time that around paper white the publishing were cypherpunks The neuroses our all of sum the are They economy global the of system nervous central the are Markets advance in stuff discount They that like are Markets crash to started and coming was Bitcoin sensed markets The In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. Don't fall for shitcoinery. Keep your dignity. Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. stake burning a to tied bankers central live off ripped being skin of sound the It's ultimatums with Vatican the nailing Luther Martin It's clones Brown James and Clinton George but nothing of full universe parallel whole a than funkier It's y'all here in up ghetto UTXO freaking the It's Bitcoin to heart your Open bitcoin some Get toxicity some Get Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. heart at shitcoiner a he's because Maybe guy that trust really don't I it on moved hasn't he far so but pals crony Street Wall his to bunch a sell could he figuring tweet the in Novogratz Mike tagged I leeches those of rid get and loan IMF the off pay to Bonds Volcano collateralized earnings bitcoin future of worth billions sell should he that bitcoin in billion mine to volcanoes nation's his tap to going was he announced he when Bukele Nayib President tweeted I dip the buying he's them telling them taunting He's Twitter on IMF Fund Monetary International the trolling Salvador El of president the seen you Have me believe Don't Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP.        Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. Stop Full paradise scammer a is London banksters and criminals career Royals useless shitcoiners demented protects and favors system legal 's K U the than reason other no for McCormack Peter and children and women old harass who hacks legal London high-priced of army his and Faketoshi for Particularly since ever downhill going been it's and of War Size Block the during off ripped heads their got blockers Big lately Ver Roger from heard anyone Has EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. right was Costello Elvis understanding and love peace history human in time first the for monetizing by this does It itself state the and hatred violence war demonetizes simultaneously it death to gold and fiat shitcoins starves bitcoin as And energy available all of conquest insatiable Bitcoin's of result the as death to starve will gold and fiat Shitcoins supply energy world's the on attack a be to designed was bitcoin this hearing you're time first the be might this and why explain me Let certainty mathematical guaranteed a It's We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. cuck-bucks fiat trillion cost estimate some that war a for example for Afghanistan in toys hate of worth BILLION left America schemes Ponzi money fiat their with misery and poverty war from profit who banksters of class uber an of service the in all going it keep to wars and printing money requires and wasteful gargantuanly is form current its in industry energy The lie don't numbers The espresso iced of gallons and spreadsheets over pouring days their spend who Bent Marty Carter Nic Saylor Michael eggheads these to listen I BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. Block Genesis the in there right it see to choosing anyone by observable protocol Bitcoin game-theorized the into baked fact a It's sure for bitcoin mining start will warmongers The The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. nothing virtually smile a as same the is peace of explosion this for cost the and other each for love express and connect to looking all souls of billions of sea cyber a in individually ourselves express fully to us allows Bitcoin because disappears poor being of fear the because disappears Poverty existence our in time first the for monetized gets peace and love toward tendency natural our because zero near to drops consumption energy our doing so In energy the all take will Bitcoin right That's more or by drops supply energy global on attack its makes Bitcoin while even consumption energy overall the gold or shitcoins fiat than in wealth store and transact to efficient more infinitely is bitcoin because love of efficiencies the economy love and peace a to economy violence and war a from move we as up this wrap To Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. minds our and back souls our getting are We hole rabbit the in experience own their live will Everyone Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. KEISER MAX
bitcoin is toxic af it caused it of crisis financial global the to reaction a not was bitcoin truth bitter the here's really?          yes. sight its in markets fiat had it and now cosmic the of hole black the opening was hole rabbit bitcoin the dimon jamie and street wall arsonists bank central traders stock terrorists banking printers money of unconscious global the in arose panic collective a and trying of years after time that around paper white the publishing were cypherpunks the neuroses our all of sum the are they economy global the of system nervous central the are markets advance in stuff discount they that like are markets crash to started and coming was bitcoin sensed markets the in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. don't fall for shitcoinery. keep your dignity. go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. stake burning a to tied bankers central live off ripped being skin of sound the it's ultimatums with vatican the nailing luther martin it's clones brown james and clinton george but nothing of full universe parallel whole a than funkier it's y'all here in up ghetto utxo freaking the it's bitcoin to heart your open bitcoin some get toxicity some get gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. heart at shitcoiner a he's because maybe guy that trust really don't i it on moved hasn't he far so but pals crony street wall his to bunch a sell could he figuring tweet the in novogratz mike tagged i leeches those of rid get and loan imf the off pay to bonds volcano collateralized earnings bitcoin future of worth billions sell should he that bitcoin in billion mine to volcanoes nation's his tap to going was he announced he when bukele nayib president tweeted i dip the buying he's them telling them taunting he's twitter on imf fund monetary international the trolling salvador el of president the seen you have me believe don't meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp.        get ready to experience shitcoin hell. stop full paradise scammer a is london banksters and criminals career royals useless shitcoiners demented protects and favors system legal 's k u the than reason other no for mccormack peter and children and women old harass who hacks legal london high-priced of army his and faketoshi for particularly since ever downhill going been it's and of war size block the during off ripped heads their got blockers big lately ver roger from heard anyone has every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. right was costello elvis understanding and love peace history human in time first the for monetizing by this does it itself state the and hatred violence war demonetizes simultaneously it death to gold and fiat shitcoins starves bitcoin as and energy available all of conquest insatiable bitcoin's of result the as death to starve will gold and fiat shitcoins supply energy world's the on attack a be to designed was bitcoin this hearing you're time first the be might this and why explain me let certainty mathematical guaranteed a it's we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. cuck-bucks fiat trillion cost estimate some that war a for example for afghanistan in toys hate of worth billion left america schemes ponzi money fiat their with misery and poverty war from profit who banksters of class uber an of service the in all going it keep to wars and printing money requires and wasteful gargantuanly is form current its in industry energy the lie don't numbers the espresso iced of gallons and spreadsheets over pouring days their spend who bent marty carter nic saylor michael eggheads these to listen i bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. block genesis the in there right it see to choosing anyone by observable protocol bitcoin game-theorized the into baked fact a it's sure for bitcoin mining start will warmongers the the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. nothing virtually smile a as same the is peace of explosion this for cost the and other each for love express and connect to looking all souls of billions of sea cyber a in individually ourselves express fully to us allows bitcoin because disappears poor being of fear the because disappears poverty existence our in time first the for monetized gets peace and love toward tendency natural our because zero near to drops consumption energy our doing so in energy the all take will bitcoin right that's more or by drops supply energy global on attack its makes bitcoin while even consumption energy overall the gold or shitcoins fiat than in wealth store and transact to efficient more infinitely is bitcoin because love of efficiencies the economy love and peace a to economy violence and war a from move we as up this wrap to yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. minds our and back souls our getting are we hole rabbit the in experience own their live will everyone stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. keiser max
bitcoinistoxicafitcauseditofcrisisfinancialglobalthetoreactionanotwasbitcointruthbitterthehere'sreally?yes.sightitsinmarketsfiathaditandnowcosmictheofholeblacktheopeningwasholerabbitbitcointhedimonjamieandstreetwallarsonistsbankcentraltradersstockterroristsbankingprintersmoneyofunconsciousglobaltheinarosepaniccollectiveaandtryingofyearsaftertimethataroundpaperwhitethepublishingwerecypherpunkstheneurosesourallofsumthearetheyeconomyglobaltheofsystemnervouscentralthearemarketsadvanceinstuffdiscounttheythatlikearemarketscrashtostartedandcomingwasbitcoinsensedmarketstheinfact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.look,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.fact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.it'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.vitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.nowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.don'tfallforshitcoinery.keepyourdignity.gobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.youwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistento.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.stakeburningatotiedbankerscentralliveoffrippedbeingskinofsoundtheit'sultimatumswithvaticanthenailingluthermartinit'sclonesbrownjamesandclintongeorgebutnothingoffulluniverseparallelwholeathanfunkierit'sy'allhereinupghettoutxofreakingtheit'sbitcointoheartyouropenbitcoinsomegettoxicitysomegetgottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.thecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.ourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals.amonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.heartatshitcoinerahe'sbecausemaybeguythattrustreallydon'tiitonmovedhasn'thefarsobutpalscronystreetwallhistobunchasellcouldhefiguringtweettheinnovogratzmiketaggedileechesthoseofridgetandloanimftheoffpaytobondsvolcanocollateralizedearningsbitcoinfutureofworthbillionssellshouldhethatbitcoininbillionminetovolcanoesnation'shistaptogoingwasheannouncedhewhenbukelenayibpresidenttweetedidipthebuyinghe'sthemtellingthemtauntinghe'stwitteronimffundmonetaryinternationalthetrollingsalvadorelofpresidenttheseenyouhavemebelievedon'tmeanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).jackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.stopfullparadisescammeraislondonbankstersandcriminalscareerroyalsuselessshitcoinersdementedprotectsandfavorssystemlegal'skuthethanreasonothernoformccormackpeterandchildrenandwomenoldharasswhohackslegallondonhigh-pricedofarmyhisandfaketoshiforparticularlysinceeverdownhillgoingbeenit'sandofwarsizeblocktheduringoffrippedheadstheirgotblockersbiglatelyverrogerfromheardanyonehaseverysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.rightwascostelloelvisunderstandingandlovepeacehistoryhumanintimefirsttheformonetizingbythisdoesititselfstatetheandhatredviolencewardemonetizessimultaneouslyitdeathtogoldandfiatshitcoinsstarvesbitcoinasandenergyavailableallofconquestinsatiablebitcoin'sofresulttheasdeathtostarvewillgoldandfiatshitcoinssupplyenergyworld'stheonattackabetodesignedwasbitcointhishearingyou'retimefirstthebemightthisandwhyexplainmeletcertaintymathematicalguaranteedait'swe'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.loveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.cuck-bucksfiattrillioncostestimatesomethatwaraforexampleforafghanistanintoyshateofworthbillionleftamericaschemesponzimoneyfiattheirwithmiseryandpovertywarfromprofitwhobankstersofclassuberanofservicetheinallgoingitkeeptowarsandprintingmoneyrequiresandwastefulgargantuanlyisformcurrentitsinindustryenergytheliedon'tnumberstheespressoicedofgallonsandspreadsheetsoverpouringdaystheirspendwhobentmartycarternicsaylormichaeleggheadsthesetolistenibitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.removethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.bitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.blockgenesistheinthererightitseetochoosinganyonebyobservableprotocolbitcoingame-theorizedtheintobakedfactait'ssureforbitcoinminingstartwillwarmongersthetheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.nothingvirtuallysmileaassametheispeaceofexplosionthisforcosttheandothereachforloveexpressandconnecttolookingallsoulsofbillionsofseacyberainindividuallyourselvesexpressfullytousallowsbitcoinbecausedisappearspoorbeingoffearthebecausedisappearspovertyexistenceourintimefirsttheformonetizedgetspeaceandlovetowardtendencynaturalourbecausezeroneartodropsconsumptionenergyourdoingsoinenergythealltakewillbitcoinrightthat'smoreorbydropssupplyenergyglobalonattackitsmakesbitcoinwhileevenconsumptionenergyoverallthegoldorshitcoinsfiatthaninwealthstoreandtransacttoefficientmoreinfinitelyisbitcoinbecauseloveofefficienciestheeconomyloveandpeaceatoeconomyviolenceandwarafrommoveweasupthiswraptoyes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in.mindsourandbacksoulsourgettingareweholerabbittheinexperienceowntheirlivewilleveryonestacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.we'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.keisermax
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF noitcaer a ton saw nioctiB hturt rettib eht s'ereH to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. seY yllaeR The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. era stekraM ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yehT taht ekil era stekraM the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc ehT sesoruen ruo lla around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic gniknab sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street eloh kcalb eht gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctiB ehT nomiD eimaJ dna of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla tcaf nI Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, s'ydobyrevE cixot weiv siht redisnoc srenioctiB emos neve dna complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. locotorp eht fo reyaL si yticixot kooL Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctiB gnidir yb ni hsac ot Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. bal muerehtEm eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh woN Don't fall for shitcoinery. ytingid ruoy peeK Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, ecneirepxe ihsotaS elohw eht fo reyaL eht You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctiB fo kcum eht ni sdnah weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp eciN ot are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. ot traeh ruoy nepO nioctib emos teG yticixot emos teG Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'tI but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'tI smutamitlu htiw nacitaV eht gnilian ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. yenom taif -tsop bmud fo sraey ytroF yaw siht eb attoG nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin ni kcab ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats I ecnis have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. citohcysp yb won dellortnoc suoicsnocnu evitcelloc ehT cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruO by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   Fortunately, bitcoin yenom knaB nattahnaM esahc repap eht ot dne na stup laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom A Don't believe me? rodavlaS lE fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evaH trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? pid eht gniyub s'eh meht gnillet meht gnitnuat s'eH I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF ekiM deggat I sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a eh raf os tub slap ynorc teertS llaW sih ot hcnub hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyaM Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country gnitirw fo emit eht ta dezinioctibrepyh won si Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups elohw eht etar siht tA gniworg dna gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy natuhB yrroS at XRP.        Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. yletal reV regoR morf draeh enoyna saH Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna fo raW eziS Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnoL (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. potS lluF esidarap remmacs a si nodnoL EVERY SINGLE ONE OF PRX HTE VSB HCB SEBANNAW NIOCTIB EHT ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT SUOINIMONGI EHT GNICAF SI DLOG DNA YENOM FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. nialpxe em teL ytniatrec lacitamehtam deetnaraug a s'tI why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, s'dlrow eht no kcatta a eb ot dengised saw nioctib energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will s'nioctiB fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats insatiable conquest of all available energy. htaed ot dlog dna taif snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dnA it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and tsrif eht rof gnizitenom yb siht seod tI flesti etats eht time in human history, peace, love and understanding thgir saw olletsoC sivlE We've never had an economy and a money nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht Love opens up the collective unconscious and fo ymonoce ehT gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. retraC ciN rolyaS leahciM sdaehgge eseht ot netsil I Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets eil t'nod srebmun ehT osserpse deci fo snollag dna The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful ni lla gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty tfel aciremA semehcs iznoP yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war skcub-kcuc taif noillirt tsoc etamitse emos taht BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop neddir-esproc Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctiB The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. locotorp nioctiB deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'tI observable by anyone choosing to see it, kcolB siseneG eht ni ereht thgir The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa pu siht parw oT economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb evol fo to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins elihw neve noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht dlog ro Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, ekat lliw nioctiB thgir s'tahT erom ro yb spord all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord love and peace gets monetized for the first time in raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevoP ecnetsixe ruo of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctiB eht emos rof seY in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam ni-deb rieht gnirud Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era eW Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppaH tihs emos nees ev'eW — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af noitcaer a ton saw nioctib hturt rettib eht s'ereh to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. sey yllaer the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. era stekram ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yeht taht ekil era stekram the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc eht sesoruen ruo lla around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic gniknab sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street eloh kcalb eht gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctib eht nomid eimaj dna of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla tcaf ni bitcoin. and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, s'ydobyreve cixot weiv siht redisnoc srenioctib emos neve dna complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. locotorp eht fo reyal si yticixot kool fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctib gnidir yb ni hsac ot vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. bal muerehtem eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh won don't fall for shitcoinery. ytingid ruoy peek go bitcoin toxic maximalist, ecneirepxe ihsotas elohw eht fo reyal eht you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctib fo kcum eht ni sdnah weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ecin ot are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. ot traeh ruoy nepo nioctib emos teg yticixot emos teg bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'ti but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'ti smutamitlu htiw nacitav eht gnilian ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. yenom taif -tsop bmud fo sraey ytrof yaw siht eb attog nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin ni kcab ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats i ecnis have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. citohcysp yb won dellortnoc suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruo by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   fortunately, bitcoin yenom knab nattahnam esahc repap eht ot dne na stup laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom a don't believe me? rodavlas le fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evah trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? pid eht gniyub s'eh meht gnillet meht gnitnuat s'eh i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf ekim deggat i sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a eh raf os tub slap ynorc teerts llaw sih ot hcnub hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyam meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country gnitirw fo emit eht ta dezinioctibrepyh won si jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups elohw eht etar siht ta gniworg dna gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy natuhb yrros at xrp.        get ready to experience shitcoin hell. yletal rev regor morf draeh enoyna sah big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna fo raw ezis particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnol (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel useless royals, career criminals and banksters. pots lluf esidarap remmacs a si nodnol every single one of prx hte vsb hcb sebannaw nioctib eht ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat suoinimongi eht gnicaf si dlog dna yenom fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. nialpxe em tel ytniatrec lacitamehtam deetnaraug a s'ti why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, s'dlrow eht no kcatta a eb ot dengised saw nioctib energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will s'nioctib fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats insatiable conquest of all available energy. htaed ot dlog dna taif snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dna it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and tsrif eht rof gnizitenom yb siht seod ti flesti etats eht time in human history, peace, love and understanding thgir saw olletsoc sivle we've never had an economy and a money nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht love opens up the collective unconscious and fo ymonoce eht gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. retrac cin rolyas leahcim sdaehgge eseht ot netsil i marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets eil t'nod srebmun eht osserpse deci fo snollag dna the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful ni lla gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty tfel acirema semehcs iznop yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war skcub-kcuc taif noillirt tsoc etamitse emos taht bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop neddir-esproc remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctib the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. locotorp nioctib deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'ti observable by anyone choosing to see it, kcolb siseneg eht ni ereht thgir the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa pu siht parw ot economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb evol fo to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins elihw neve noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht dlog ro bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, ekat lliw nioctib thgir s'taht erom ro yb spord all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord love and peace gets monetized for the first time in raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevop ecnetsixe ruo of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctib eht emos rof sey in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam ni-deb rieht gnirud everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era ew stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppah tihs emos nees ev'ew — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna max keiser
bitcoinistoxicafnoitcaeratonsawnioctibhturtrettibehts'erehtotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit.seyyllaerthemarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.erastekramecnavdaniffutstnuocsidyehttahtekilerastekramthecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofrepapetihwehtgnihsilbuperewsknuprehpycehtsesoruenruollaaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicgniknabsretnirpyenomfosuoicsnocnulabolgehtniesoraterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetelohkcalbehtgnineposawelohtibbarnioctibehtnomideimajdnaofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.ybdesuacsisyadesehtuoydnuoraeesuoysoahcehtllatcafnibitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,s'ydobyrevecixotweivsihtredisnocsrenioctibemosnevednacomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.locotorpehtforeyalsiyticixotkoolfact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingderevocsidrodetnevnineebreves'tahtit'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingemandabatievigtahtsliattaocsnioctibgnidirybnihsacotvitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.balmuerehtemehttaekatsfofoorpgnignilss'ehwondon'tfallforshitcoinery.ytingidruoypeekgobitcointoxicmaximalist,ecneirepxeihsotaselohwehtforeyalehtyouwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbaresihtfielohtibbars'nioctibfokcumehtnisdnahweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistensrenioctihsdnanemnocmorfsdrowtnasaelpecinotareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.ottraehruoyneponioctibemostegyticixotemostegbitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.gnihtonfollufesrevinulellarapelohwanahtreiknufs'tibutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinluthergniebniksfodnuosehts'tismutamitluhtiwnacitavehtgnilianrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.yenomtaif-tsopbmudfosraeyytrofyawsihtebattognonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinnikcabtaemosyubotmihgniregdab-yenohdetratsiecnishavedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.citohcyspybwondellortnocsuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.dezinahtueneebevahssenevitnevnidnasnoitanigamiruobytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinyenomknabnattahnamesahcrepapehtotdnenastuplaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals.tsehcerusaertehtotrotallirbifedyratenomadon'tbelieveme?rodavlaslefotnediserpehtneesuoyevahtrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?pidehtgniyubs'ehmehtgnilletmehtgnitnuats'ehitweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedenimotseonaclovs'noitansihpatotgniogsaweh$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellsgninraenioctiberutuffohtrowsnoillibcollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfekimdeggatisehceelesohtfodirtegdnanaolnovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellaehrafostubslapynorcteertsllawsihothcnubhasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy.traehtarenioctihsas'ehesuacebebyammeanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountrygnitirwfoemitehttadezinioctibrepyhwonsijackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upselohwehtetarsihttagniworgdnagnidneb-dnimaotyadacountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.revonemselaslioekanstahtrofllefuoynatuhbyrrosatxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.yletalrevregormorfdraehenoynasahbigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblockecnisrevellihnwodgniogneebs'tidnaforawezisparticularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricednerdlihcdnanemowdlossarahohwskcahlagelnodnol(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'ssrenioctihsdetnemedstcetorpdnasrovafmetsyslageluselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.potsllufesidarapremmacsasinodnoleverysingleoneofprxhtevsbhcbsebannawnioctibehtada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatsuoinimongiehtgnicafsidlogdnayenomfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.nialpxeemtelytniatreclacitamehtamdeetnaraugas'tiwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,s'dlrowehtnokcattaaebotdengisedsawnioctibenergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwills'nioctibfotluserehtsahtaedotevratsinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.htaedotdlogdnataifsnioctihssevratsnioctibsadnaitsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandtsrifehtrofgnizitenomybsihtseodtiflestietatsehttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstandingthgirsawolletsocsivlewe'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneynioctiblitnuerofebevolsezivitnecnitahtloveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandfoymonoceehtgniebcimsocrennitniojruoloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.retraccinrolyasleahcimsdaehggeesehtotnetsilimartybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetseilt'nodsrebmunehtosserpsedecifosnollagdnatheenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulnillagniogtipeekotsrawdnagnitnirpyenomseriuqerdnatheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertytfelaciremasemehcsiznopyenomtaifriehthtiwyresimdnabillionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarskcub-kcuctaifnoillirttsocetamitseemostahtbitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,nioctibtcefrephtiwyenomtaifgnitsevrah-yppopneddir-esprocremovethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.ecnahcanevigfiycnednetlarutantsomruoevolhtiwpagehtsllifnioctibthewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.locotorpnioctibdeziroeht-emagehtotnidekabtcafas'tiobservablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,kcolbsisenegehtnierehtthgirtheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.ecneloivdnarawamorfevomewsapusihtparwoteconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciestneiciffeeromyletinifnisinioctibesuacebevolfototransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinselihwnevenoitpmusnocygrenellarevoehtdlogrobitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,ekatlliwnioctibthgirs'tahteromroybspordalltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondrawotycnednetlarutanruoesuaceborezraenotspordloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinraefehtesuacebsraeppasidytrevopecnetsixeruoofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsusrebycaniyllaudividnisevlesruosserpxeyllufotseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandnoisolpxesihtroftsocehtdnarehtohcaerofevolsserpxeofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.pusdneelohtibbarnioctibehtemosrofseyinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamni-debriehtgnirudeveryonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.sdnimruodnakcabsluosruognittegeraewstacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.uoyhtiwllatierahsotyppahtihsemosneesev'ew—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearevoldnaecaephtiwtisecalperdnaetahdnamaxkeiser
FA CIXOT SI NIOCTIB ti desuac tI fo sisirC laicnaniF labolG eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctiB hturt rettib eht s'ereH seY yllaeR thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna woN cimsoC eht fo eloh kcalb eht gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctiB ehT nomiD eimaJ dna teertS llaW stsinosra knab lartnec sredart kcots stsirorret gniknab sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna gniyrt fo sraey retfa emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc ehT sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yehT ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekraM ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yehT taht ekil era stekraM hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctiB desnes stekram ehT devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp eciN ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtynA eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctiB fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoY ecneirepxe ihsotaS elohw eht fo reyaL eht tsilamixaM cixoT nioctiB oG ytingid ruoy peeK yrenioctihs rof llaf t'noD bal muerehtEm eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh woN tehtipe tsilamixaM eht htiw pu emac niretuB kilatiV eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctiB gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'tI derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof reyaL s'tI tcaF locotorp eht fo reyaL si yticixot kooL syad eseht stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyrevE cixot weiv siht redisnoc srenioctiB emos neve dna srenioctihs dna sreniocoN retteb eb dluoc gnihton dnA nioctiB yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla tcaf nI ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'tI smutamitlu htiw nacitaV eht gnilian rehtuL nitraM s'tI senolc nworB semaJ dna notnilC egroeG tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'tI lla'y ereh ni pu ottehg OXTU gnikaerf eht s'tI nioctiB ot traeh ruoy nepO nioctib emos teG yticixot emos teG tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom A slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'tI ymotobol gnirednual yenom knaB nattahnaM esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib yletanutroF yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruO sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer sdneirF syalp stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc suoicsnocnu evitcelloc ehT sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah ni kcab ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats I ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcS reteP gnihctaw fo sraey dna esnesnon yenom taif -tsop bmud fo sraey ytroF yaw siht eb attoG traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyaM yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod I ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub slap ynorc teertS llaW sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif teewt eht ni ztargovoN ekiM deggat I sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol FMI eht ffo yap ot sdnoB onacloV dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht nioctib ni noillib enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekuB biyaN tnediserP deteewt I pid eht gniyub s'eh meht gnillet meht gnitnuat s'eH rettiwT no FMI dnuF yratenoM lanoitanretnI eht gnillort rodavlaS lE fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evaH em eveileb t'noD lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teG PRX ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy natuhB yrroS shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht etar siht tA gniworg dna gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen morf enog sah ppa ekirtS 'srellaM kcaJ gnitirw fo emit eht ta dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo rodavlaS lE ni kcab elihwnaeM potS lluF esidarap remmacs a si nodnoL sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac slayoR sselesu srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s' K U eht naht nosaer rehto on rof kcamroCcM reteP dna nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnoL decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaF rof ylralucitraP ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna fo raW eziS kcolB eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb giB yletal reV regoR morf draeh enoyna saH NIOCTIB SUSREV NOITAZITENOMED FO ETAF SUOINIMONGI EHT GNICAF SI DLOG DNA YENOM TAIF SULP SNIOCTIHS REHTO DNA ADA PRX HTE VSB HCB SEBANNAW NIOCTIB EHT FO ENO ELGNIS YREVE thgir saw olletsoC sivlE gnidnatsrednu dna evol ecaep yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof gnizitenom yb siht seod tI flesti etats eht dna dertah ecneloiv raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti htaed ot dlog dna taif snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dnA ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctiB fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif snioctihS ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta a eb ot dengised saw nioctib siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna yhw nialpxe em teL ytniatrec lacitamehtam deetnaraug a s'tI raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evoL nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'eW skcub-kcuc taif noillirt tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof elpmaxe rof natsinahgfA ni syot etah fo htrow NOILLIB tfel aciremA semehcs iznoP yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene ehT eil t'nod srebmun ehT osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw tneB ytraM retraC ciN rolyaS leahciM sdaehgge eseht ot netsil I ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctiB evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna evitnecni raw eht evomeR nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop neddir-esproc gnippird-lio gnicalper yb SIHT LLA SEXIF NIOCTIB kcolB siseneG eht ni ereht thgir ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo locotorp nioctiB deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'tI erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw ehT raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT gnihton yllautriv elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctiB esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevoP ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo gniod os nI ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctiB thgir s'tahT erom ro yb spord ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta sti sekam nioctiB elihw neve noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht dlog ro snioctihs taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb evol fo seicneiciffe eht ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa pu siht parw oT ni-deb rieht gnirud madretsmA ni moor letoh s'okoY dna nhoJ ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctiB eht emos rof seY sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era eW eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyrevE evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctiB sa ysatsce dna ynoga eht uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppaH tihs emos nees ev'eW sraey rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah I dna ycatS RESIEK XAM
fa cixot si nioctib ti desuac ti fo sisirc laicnanif labolg eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctib hturt rettib eht s'ereh sey yllaer thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna won cimsoc eht fo eloh kcalb eht gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctib eht nomid eimaj dna teerts llaw stsinosra knab lartnec sredart kcots stsirorret gniknab sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna gniyrt fo sraey retfa emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc eht sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yeht ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekram ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yeht taht ekil era stekram hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctib desnes stekram eht devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ecin ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtyna eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctib fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoy ecneirepxe ihsotas elohw eht fo reyal eht tsilamixam cixot nioctib og ytingid ruoy peek yrenioctihs rof llaf t'nod bal muerehtem eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh won tehtipe tsilamixam eht htiw pu emac niretub kilativ eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctib gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'ti derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof reyal s'ti tcaf locotorp eht fo reyal si yticixot kool syad eseht stsilamixam nioctib cixot tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyreve cixot weiv siht redisnoc srenioctib emos neve dna srenioctihs dna sreniocon retteb eb dluoc gnihton dna nioctib yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla tcaf ni ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'ti smutamitlu htiw nacitav eht gnilian rehtul nitram s'ti senolc nworb semaj dna notnilc egroeg tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'ti lla'y ereh ni pu ottehg oxtu gnikaerf eht s'ti nioctib ot traeh ruoy nepo nioctib emos teg yticixot emos teg tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom a slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'ti ymotobol gnirednual yenom knab nattahnam esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib yletanutrof yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruo sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer sdneirf syalp stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah ni kcab ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats i ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcs retep gnihctaw fo sraey dna esnesnon yenom taif -tsop bmud fo sraey ytrof yaw siht eb attog traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyam yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod i ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub slap ynorc teerts llaw sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif teewt eht ni ztargovon ekim deggat i sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol fmi eht ffo yap ot sdnob onaclov dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht nioctib ni noillib enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekub biyan tnediserp deteewt i pid eht gniyub s'eh meht gnillet meht gnitnuat s'eh rettiwt no fmi dnuf yratenom lanoitanretni eht gnillort rodavlas le fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evah em eveileb t'nod lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teg prx ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy natuhb yrros shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixam nioctib cixot eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht etar siht ta gniworg dna gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen morf enog sah ppa ekirts 'srellam kcaj gnitirw fo emit eht ta dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo rodavlas le ni kcab elihwnaem pots lluf esidarap remmacs a si nodnol sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac slayor sselesu srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s' k u eht naht nosaer rehto on rof kcamroccm retep dna nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnol decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaf rof ylralucitrap ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna fo raw ezis kcolb eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb gib yletal rev regor morf draeh enoyna sah nioctib susrev noitazitenomed fo etaf suoinimongi eht gnicaf si dlog dna yenom taif sulp snioctihs rehto dna ada prx hte vsb hcb sebannaw nioctib eht fo eno elgnis yreve thgir saw olletsoc sivle gnidnatsrednu dna evol ecaep yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof gnizitenom yb siht seod ti flesti etats eht dna dertah ecneloiv raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti htaed ot dlog dna taif snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dna ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctib fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif snioctihs ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta a eb ot dengised saw nioctib siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna yhw nialpxe em tel ytniatrec lacitamehtam deetnaraug a s'ti raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evol nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'ew skcub-kcuc taif noillirt tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof elpmaxe rof natsinahgfa ni syot etah fo htrow noillib tfel acirema semehcs iznop yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene eht eil t'nod srebmun eht osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw tneb ytram retrac cin rolyas leahcim sdaehgge eseht ot netsil i ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctib evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna evitnecni raw eht evomer nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop neddir-esproc gnippird-lio gnicalper yb siht lla sexif nioctib kcolb siseneg eht ni ereht thgir ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo locotorp nioctib deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'ti erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw eht raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht gnihton yllautriv elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctib esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevop ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo gniod os ni ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctib thgir s'taht erom ro yb spord ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta sti sekam nioctib elihw neve noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht dlog ro snioctihs taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb evol fo seicneiciffe eht ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa pu siht parw ot ni-deb rieht gnirud madretsma ni moor letoh s'okoy dna nhoj ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctib eht emos rof sey sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era ew eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyreve evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctib sa ysatsce dna ynoga eht uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppah tihs emos nees ev'ew sraey rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah i dna ycats resiek xam
facixotsinioctibtidesuactifosisirclaicnaniflabolgehtotnoitcaeratonsawnioctibhturtrettibehts'erehseyyllaerthgisstinistekramtaifdahtidnawoncimsocehtfoelohkcalbehtgnineposawelohtibbarnioctibehtnomideimajdnateertsllawstsinosraknablartnecsredartkcotsstsirorretgniknabsretnirpyenomfosuoicsnocnulabolgehtniesoracinapevitcellocadnagniyrtfosraeyretfaemittahtdnuorarepapetihwehtgnihsilbuperewsknuprehpycehtsesoruenruollafomusehterayehtymonocelabolgehtfometsyssuovrenlartnecehterastekramecnavdaniffutstnuocsidyehttahtekilerastekramhsarcotdetratsdnagnimocsawnioctibdesnesstekramehtdevolnudnaelbillugehtrofgninetsilysaeerasrenioctihsdnanemnocmorfsdrowtnasaelpecinotnetsilotdrahsigniraehhtrowgnihtynaeurtt'nerewsihtfielohtibbars'nioctibfokcumehtnisdnaherabruoyhtiwyldnilbgniggidebt'ndluowuoyecneirepxeihsotaselohwehtforeyalehttsilamixamcixotnioctibogytingidruoypeekyrenioctihsrofllaft'nodbalmuerehtemehttaekatsfofoorpgnignilss'ehwontehtipetsilamixamehthtiwpuemacniretubkilativemandabatievigtahtsliattaocsnioctibgnidirybnihsacotgniyrtstsinutropposselemahsehtfoegaugnalehtylnos'tiderevocsidrodetnevnineebreves'tahtgnihttaergyreverofreyals'titcaflocotorpehtforeyalsiyticixotkoolsyadesehtstsilamixamnioctibcixottuobagninialpmocs'ydobyrevecixotweivsihtredisnocsrenioctibemosnevednasrenioctihsdnasrenioconrettebebdluocgnihtondnanioctibybdesuacsisyadesehtuoydnuoraeesuoysoahcehtllatcafniekatsgninrubaotdeitsreknablartnecevilffodeppirgniebniksfodnuosehts'tismutamitluhtiwnacitavehtgnilianrehtulnitrams'tisenolcnworbsemajdnanotnilcegroegtubgnihtonfollufesrevinulellarapelohwanahtreiknufs'tilla'yerehnipuottehgoxtugnikaerfehts'tinioctibottraehruoyneponioctibemostegyticixotemostegtsehcerusaertehtotrotallirbifedyratenomaslatinegehtotnugnutsas'tiymotobolgnirednualyenomknabnattahnamesahcrepapehtotdnenastupnioctibyletanutrofyenomtaiffopintacdicnarehtybdezinahtueneebevahssenevitnevnidnasnoitanigamiruosdaehruoniyadllasnurersdneirfsyalpstaccitohcyspybwondellortnocsuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtsdnim'sreniocondna'srenioctihsdelludevahnikcabtaemosyubotmihgniregdab-yenohdetratsiecnisnioctibgniyubssimffihcsretepgnihctawfosraeydnaesnesnonyenomtaif-tsopbmudfosraeyytrofyawsihtebattogtraehtarenioctihsas'ehesuacebebyamyugtahttsurtyllaert'noditinodevomt'nsahehrafostubslapynorcteertsllawsihothcnuballesdluocehgnirugifteewtehtniztargovonekimdeggatisehceelesohtfodirtegdnanaolfmiehtffoyapotsdnobonaclovdezilaretallocsgninraenioctiberutuffohtrowsnoillibllesdluohsehtahtnioctibninoillibenimotseonaclovs'noitansihpatotgniogsawehdecnuonnaehnehwelekubbiyantnediserpdeteewtipidehtgniyubs'ehmehtgnilletmehtgnitnuats'ehrettiwtnofmidnufyratenomlanoitanretniehtgnillortrodavlaslefotnediserpehtneesuoyevahemeveilebt'nodllehnioctihsecneirepxeotydaertegprxtarevonemselaslioekanstahtrofllefuoynatuhbyrrosshtnomxisnihtiwstsilamixamnioctibcixoteblliwyrtnuocelohwehtetarsihttagniworgdnagnidneb-dnimaotyadaspu-ngiswenmorfenogsahppaekirts'srellamkcajgnitirwfoemitehttadezinioctibrepyhwonsiyrtnuocehtforodavlaslenikcabelihwnaempotsllufesidarapremmacsasinodnolsretsknabdnaslanimircreeracslayorsselesusrenioctihsdetnemedstcetorpdnasrovafmetsyslagels'kuehtnahtnosaerrehtoonrofkcamroccmretepdnanerdlihcdnanemowdlossarahohwskcahlagelnodnoldecirp-hgihfoymrasihdnaihsotekafrofylralucitrapecnisrevellihnwodgniogneebs'tidnaforaweziskcolbehtgnirudffodeppirsdaehriehttogsrekcolbgibyletalrevregormorfdraehenoynasahnioctibsusrevnoitazitenomedfoetafsuoinimongiehtgnicafsidlogdnayenomtaifsulpsnioctihsrehtodnaadaprxhtevsbhcbsebannawnioctibehtfoenoelgnisyrevethgirsawolletsocsivlegnidnatsrednudnaevolecaepyrotsihnamuhniemittsrifehtrofgnizitenomybsihtseodtiflestietatsehtdnadertahecneloivrawsezitenomedylsuoenatlumistihtaedotdlogdnataifsnioctihssevratsnioctibsadnaygreneelbaliavallafotseuqnocelbaitasnis'nioctibfotluserehtsahtaedotevratslliwdlogdnataifsnioctihsylppusygrenes'dlrowehtnokcattaaebotdengisedsawnioctibsihtgniraeher'uoyemittsrifehtebthgimsihtdnayhwnialpxeemtelytniatreclacitamehtamdeetnaraugas'tirawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehtgniebcimsocrennitniojruodnasuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtpusnepoevolnioctiblitnuerofebevolsezivitnecnitahtyenomadnaymonocenadahrevenev'ewskcub-kcuctaifnoillirttsocetamitseemostahtrawarofelpmaxerofnatsinahgfanisyotetahfohtrownoillibtfelaciremasemehcsiznopyenomtaifriehthtiwyresimdnaytrevoprawmorftiforpohwsretsknabfossalcrebunafoecivresehtnillagniogtipeekotsrawdnagnitnirpyenomseriuqerdnalufetsawylnautnagragsimroftnerrucstiniyrtsudniygreneehteilt'nodsrebmunehtosserpsedecifosnollagdnasteehsdaerpsrevogniruopsyadriehtdnepsohwtnebytramretraccinrolyasleahcimsdaehggeesehtotnetsiliecnahcanevigfiycnednetlarutantsomruoevolhtiwpagehtsllifnioctibevitnecnietahehtevomeruoydnaevitnecnirawehtevomernioctibtcefrephtiwyenomtaifgnitsevrah-yppopneddir-esprocgnippird-liognicalperybsihtllasexifnioctibkcolbsisenegehtnierehtthgirtieesotgnisoohcenoynaybelbavresbolocotorpnioctibdeziroeht-emagehtotnidekabtcafas'tierusrofnioctibgninimtratslliwsregnomrawehtrawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehtgnihtonyllautrivelimsasaemasehtsiecaepfonoisolpxesihtroftsocehtdnarehtohcaerofevolsserpxednatcennocotgnikoolllasluosfosnoillibfoaesrebycaniyllaudividnisevlesruosserpxeyllufotsuswollanioctibesuacebsraeppasidroopgniebforaefehtesuacebsraeppasidytrevopecnetsixeruoniemittsrifehtrofdezitenomstegecaepdnaevoldrawotycnednetlarutanruoesuaceborezraenotspordnoitpmusnocygreneruogniodosniygreneehtllaekatlliwnioctibthgirs'tahteromroybspordylppusygrenelabolgnokcattastisekamnioctibelihwnevenoitpmusnocygrenellarevoehtdlogrosnioctihstaifnahtnihtlaewerotsdnatcasnartottneiciffeeromyletinifnisinioctibesuacebevolfoseicneiciffeehtymonoceevoldnaecaepaotymonoceecneloivdnarawamorfevomewsapusihtparwotni-debriehtgnirudmadretsmanimoorletohs'okoydnanhojnipusdneelohtibbarnioctibehtemosrofseysdnimruodnakcabsluosruognittegeraewelohtibbarehtniecneirepxenworiehtevillliwenoyreveevoldnaecaephtiwtisecalperdnaetahdnaraefsreuqnocnioctibsaysatscednaynogaehtuoyhtiwllatierahsotyppahtihsemosneesev'ewsraeyroferehnignivilneebevahidnaycatsresiekxam
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF Here's the bitter truth. fo sisirC laicnaniF labolG eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctiB It caused it. Really? seY The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. Markets are like that. ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yehT Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of all our neuroses. nomiD eimaJ dna teertS llaW stsinosra knab lartnec sredart kcots stsirorret gniknab sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna gniyrt fo sraey retfa emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc ehT The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. retteb eb dluoc gnihton dnA Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. locotorp eht fo reyaL si yticixot kooL Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. tehtipe tsilamixaM eht htiw pu emac niretuB kilatiV Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. Don't fall for shitcoinery. ytingid ruoy peeK Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtynA Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. Get some toxicity. nioctib emos teG Open your heart to Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. senolc nworB semaJ dna notnilC egroeG tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'tI It's Martin Luther nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. yaw siht eb attoG Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruO Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom A Don't believe me? Have you seen the president of El Salvador trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol FMI eht ffo yap ot sdnoB onacloV dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht nioctib ni noillib enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekuB biyaN tnediserP deteewt I pid eht gniyub s'eh meht gnillet meht gnitnuat s'eH I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyaM Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht etar siht tA (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP. Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. yletal reV regoR morf draeh enoyna saH Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. esidarap remmacs a si nodnoL Full Stop. EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. ytniatrec lacitamehtam deetnaraug a s'tI Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. flesti etats eht dna dertah ecneloiv raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti htaed ot dlog dna taif snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dnA It does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evoL The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. eil t'nod srebmun ehT The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop neddir-esproc gnippird-lio gnicalper yb SIHT LLA SEXIF NIOCTIB Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw ehT It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. erom ro yb spord ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta sti sekam nioctiB elihw neve noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht dlog ro snioctihs taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb evol fo seicneiciffe eht ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa pu siht parw oT That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. gnihton yllautriv elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctiB esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevoP Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era eW Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. We've seen some shit. evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctiB sa ysatsce dna ynoga eht uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppaH MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af here's the bitter truth. fo sisirc laicnanif labolg eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctib it caused it. really? sey the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. markets are like that. ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yeht markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of all our neuroses. nomid eimaj dna teerts llaw stsinosra knab lartnec sredart kcots stsirorret gniknab sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna gniyrt fo sraey retfa emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc eht the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. retteb eb dluoc gnihton dna nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. locotorp eht fo reyal si yticixot kool fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. tehtipe tsilamixam eht htiw pu emac niretub kilativ now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. don't fall for shitcoinery. ytingid ruoy peek go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtyna nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. get some toxicity. nioctib emos teg open your heart to bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. senolc nworb semaj dna notnilc egroeg tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'ti it's martin luther nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. yaw siht eb attog forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruo fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom a don't believe me? have you seen the president of el salvador trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol fmi eht ffo yap ot sdnob onaclov dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht nioctib ni noillib enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekub biyan tnediserp deteewt i pid eht gniyub s'eh meht gnillet meht gnitnuat s'eh i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyam meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixam nioctib cixot eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht etar siht ta (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp. get ready to experience shitcoin hell. yletal rev regor morf draeh enoyna sah big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. esidarap remmacs a si nodnol full stop. every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. ytniatrec lacitamehtam deetnaraug a s'ti let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. flesti etats eht dna dertah ecneloiv raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti htaed ot dlog dna taif snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dna it does this by monetizing, for the first time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evol the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets and gallons of iced espresso. eil t'nod srebmun eht the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop neddir-esproc gnippird-lio gnicalper yb siht lla sexif nioctib remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw eht it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. erom ro yb spord ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta sti sekam nioctib elihw neve noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht dlog ro snioctihs taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb evol fo seicneiciffe eht ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa pu siht parw ot that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. gnihton yllautriv elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctib esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevop yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era ew stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. we've seen some shit. evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctib sa ysatsce dna ynoga eht uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppah max keiser
bitcoinistoxicafhere'sthebittertruth.fosisirclaicnaniflabolgehtotnoitcaeratonsawnioctibitcausedit.really?seythemarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.marketsarelikethat.ecnavdaniffutstnuocsidyehtmarketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofallourneuroses.nomideimajdnateertsllawstsinosraknablartnecsredartkcotsstsirorretgniknabsretnirpyenomfosuoicsnocnulabolgehtniesoracinapevitcellocadnagniyrtfosraeyretfaemittahtdnuorarepapetihwehtgnihsilbuperewsknuprehpycehtthebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.infact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin.rettebebdluocgnihtondnanocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.locotorpehtforeyalsiyticixotkoolfact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.it'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.tehtipetsilamixamehthtiwpuemacniretubkilativnowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.don'tfallforshitcoinery.ytingidruoypeekgobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.youwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue.otnetsilotdrahsigniraehhtrowgnihtynanice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.getsometoxicity.nioctibemostegopenyourhearttobitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.senolcnworbsemajdnanotnilcegroegtubgnihtonfollufesrevinulellarapelohwanahtreiknufs'tiit'smartinluthernailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.yawsihtebattogfortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.thecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.yenomtaiffopintacdicnarehtybdezinahtueneebevahssenevitnevnidnasnoitanigamiruofortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals.tsehcerusaertehtotrotallirbifedyratenomadon'tbelieveme?haveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadortrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?sehceelesohtfodirtegdnanaolfmiehtffoyapotsdnobonaclovdezilaretallocsgninraenioctiberutuffohtrowsnoillibllesdluohsehtahtnioctibninoillibenimotseonaclovs'noitansihpatotgniogsawehdecnuonnaehnehwelekubbiyantnediserpdeteewtipidehtgniyubs'ehmehtgnilletmehtgnitnuats'ehitaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellabunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy.traehtarenioctihsas'ehesuacebebyammeanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).jackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.shtnomxisnihtiwstsilamixamnioctibcixoteblliwyrtnuocelohwehtetarsihtta(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.yletalrevregormorfdraehenoynasahbigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.particularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildren(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.esidarapremmacsasinodnolfullstop.everysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.ytniatreclacitamehtamdeetnaraugas'tiletmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'senergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.flestietatsehtdnadertahecneloivrawsezitenomedylsuoenatlumistihtaedotdlogdnataifsnioctihssevratsnioctibsadnaitdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirsttimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright).we'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.gniebcimsocrennitniojruodnasuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtpusnepoevoltheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.ilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsandgallonsoficedespresso.eilt'nodsrebmunehttheenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allintheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.nioctibtcefrephtiwyenomtaifgnitsevrah-yppopneddir-esprocgnippird-liognicalperybsihtllasexifnioctibremovethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.bitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.erusrofnioctibgninimtratslliwsregnomrawehtit'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.eromroybspordylppusygrenelabolgnokcattastisekamnioctibelihwnevenoitpmusnocygrenellarevoehtdlogrosnioctihstaifnahtnihtlaewerotsdnatcasnartottneiciffeeromyletinifnisinioctibesuacebevolfoseicneiciffeehtymonoceevoldnaecaepaotymonoceecneloivdnarawamorfevomewsapusihtparwotthat'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence.gnihtonyllautrivelimsasaemasehtsiecaepfonoisolpxesihtroftsocehtdnarehtohcaerofevolsserpxednatcennocotgnikoolllasluosfosnoillibfoaesrebycaniyllaudividnisevlesruosserpxeyllufotsuswollanioctibesuacebsraeppasidroopgniebforaefehtesuacebsraeppasidytrevopyes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in.everyonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.sdnimruodnakcabsluosruognittegeraewstacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.we'veseensomeshit.evoldnaecaephtiwtisecalperdnaetahdnaraefsreuqnocnioctibsaysatscednaynogaehtuoyhtiwllatierahsotyppahmaxkeiser
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF .ti desuac tI .8002 fo sisirC laicnaniF labolG eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctiB .hturt rettib eht s'ereH Really?          Yes. .thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna — woN cimsoC eht fo eloh kcalb eht — gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctiB ehT .nomiD eimaJ dna teertS llaW ,stsinosra knab lartnec   ,sredart kcots ,stsirorret gniknab ,sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna — gniyrt fo sraey retfa — emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc ehT .sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yehT .ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekraM .ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yehT .taht ekil era stekraM .hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctiB desnes stekram ehT In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. Don't fall for shitcoinery. Keep your dignity. Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. .ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'tI .smutamitlu htiw nacitaV eht gnilian rehtuL nitraM s'tI .senolc nworB semaJ dna notnilC egroeG tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'tI .lla'y ,ereh ni pu ottehg OXTU gnikaerf eht s'tI .nioctiB ot traeh ruoy nepO .nioctib emos teG .yticixot emos teG Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. .traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyaM .yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod I .ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub ,slap ynorc teertS llaW sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif ,teewt eht ni ztargovoN ekiM deggat I .sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol FMI eht ffo yap ot "sdnoB onacloV" dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht — nioctib ni noillib 1$ enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekuB biyaN tnediserP deteewt I ".pid eht gniyub" s'eh meht gnillet ,meht gnitnuat s'eH ?rettiwT no )FMI( dnuF yratenoM lanoitanretnI eht gnillort rodavlaS lE fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evaH ?em eveileb t'noD Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP.        Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. .potS lluF .esidarap remmacs a si nodnoL .sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac ,slayoR sselesu ,srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s'.K.U eht naht nosaer rehto on rof )kcamroCcM reteP dna( nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnoL decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaF rof ylralucitraP .ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna 7102 fo raW eziS kcolB eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb giB ?yletal reV regoR morf draeh enoyna saH EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. .)thgir saw olletsoC sivlE( gnidnatsrednu dna evol ,ecaep ,yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof ,gnizitenom yb siht seod tI .flesti etats eht dna dertah ,ecneloiv ,raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti ,htaed ot dlog dna taif ,snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dnA .ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctiB fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif ,snioctihS .ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta %15 a eb ot dengised saw nioctib ,siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna ,yhw nialpxe em teL .ytniatrec lacitamehtam ,deetnaraug a s'tI We've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. .skcub-kcuc taif noillirt 2$ tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof ,elpmaxe rof ,natsinahgfA ni syot etah fo htrow NOILLIB 58$ tfel aciremA .semehcs iznoP yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop ,raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla — gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene ehT .eil t'nod srebmun ehT .osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw     — tneB ytraM ,retraC ciN ,rolyaS leahciM — sdaehgge eseht ot netsil I BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. .kcolB siseneG eht ni ereht thgir ,ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo ,locotorp nioctiB deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'tI .erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw ehT The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. .gnihton yllautriv — elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctiB esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevoP .ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo ,gniod os nI .ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctiB ,thgir s'tahT .erom ro %59 yb spord ,ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta %15 sti sekam nioctiB elihw neve ,noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht — dlog ro snioctihs ,taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb — evol fo seicneiciffe eht ,ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa ,pu siht parw oT Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. .sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era eW .eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyrevE Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. RESIEK XAM
bitcoin is toxic af .ti desuac ti .8002 fo sisirc laicnanif labolg eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctib .hturt rettib eht s'ereh really?          yes. .thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna — won cimsoc eht fo eloh kcalb eht — gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctib eht .nomid eimaj dna teerts llaw ,stsinosra knab lartnec   ,sredart kcots ,stsirorret gniknab ,sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna — gniyrt fo sraey retfa — emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc eht .sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yeht .ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekram .ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yeht .taht ekil era stekram .hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctib desnes stekram eht in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. don't fall for shitcoinery. keep your dignity. go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. .ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'ti .smutamitlu htiw nacitav eht gnilian rehtul nitram s'ti .senolc nworb semaj dna notnilc egroeg tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'ti .lla'y ,ereh ni pu ottehg oxtu gnikaerf eht s'ti .nioctib ot traeh ruoy nepo .nioctib emos teg .yticixot emos teg gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. .traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyam .yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod i .ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub ,slap ynorc teerts llaw sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif ,teewt eht ni ztargovon ekim deggat i .sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol fmi eht ffo yap ot "sdnob onaclov" dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht — nioctib ni noillib 1$ enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekub biyan tnediserp deteewt i ".pid eht gniyub" s'eh meht gnillet ,meht gnitnuat s'eh ?rettiwt no )fmi( dnuf yratenom lanoitanretni eht gnillort rodavlas le fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evah ?em eveileb t'nod meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp.        get ready to experience shitcoin hell. .pots lluf .esidarap remmacs a si nodnol .sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac ,slayor sselesu ,srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s'.k.u eht naht nosaer rehto on rof )kcamroccm retep dna( nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnol decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaf rof ylralucitrap .ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna 7102 fo raw ezis kcolb eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb gib ?yletal rev regor morf draeh enoyna sah every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. .)thgir saw olletsoc sivle( gnidnatsrednu dna evol ,ecaep ,yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof ,gnizitenom yb siht seod ti .flesti etats eht dna dertah ,ecneloiv ,raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti ,htaed ot dlog dna taif ,snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dna .ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctib fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif ,snioctihs .ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta %15 a eb ot dengised saw nioctib ,siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna ,yhw nialpxe em tel .ytniatrec lacitamehtam ,deetnaraug a s'ti we've never had an economy and a money that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. .skcub-kcuc taif noillirt 2$ tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof ,elpmaxe rof ,natsinahgfa ni syot etah fo htrow noillib 58$ tfel acirema .semehcs iznop yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop ,raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla — gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene eht .eil t'nod srebmun eht .osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw     — tneb ytram ,retrac cin ,rolyas leahcim — sdaehgge eseht ot netsil i bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. .kcolb siseneg eht ni ereht thgir ,ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo ,locotorp nioctib deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'ti .erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw eht the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. .gnihton yllautriv — elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctib esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevop .ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo ,gniod os ni .ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctib ,thgir s'taht .erom ro %59 yb spord ,ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta %15 sti sekam nioctib elihw neve ,noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht — dlog ro snioctihs ,taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb — evol fo seicneiciffe eht ,ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa ,pu siht parw ot yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. .sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era ew .eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyreve stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. resiek xam
bitcoinistoxicaf.tidesuacti.8002fosisirclaicnaniflabolgehtotnoitcaeratonsawnioctib.hturtrettibehts'erehreally?yes..thgisstinistekramtaifdahtidna—woncimsocehtfoelohkcalbeht—gnineposawelohtibbarnioctibeht.nomideimajdnateertsllaw,stsinosraknablartnec,sredartkcots,stsirorretgniknab,sretnirpyenomfosuoicsnocnulabolgehtniesoracinapevitcellocadna—gniyrtfosraeyretfa—emittahtdnuorarepapetihwehtgnihsilbuperewsknuprehpyceht.sesoruenruollafomusehterayeht.ymonocelabolgehtfometsyssuovrenlartnecehterastekram.ecnavdaniffutstnuocsidyeht.tahtekilerastekram.hsarcotdetratsdnagnimocsawnioctibdesnesstekramehtinfact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody'scomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.look,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.fact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.it'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.vitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.nowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.don'tfallforshitcoinery.keepyourdignity.gobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.youwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistento.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved..ekatsgninrubaotdeitsreknablartnecevilffodeppirgniebniksfodnuosehts'ti.smutamitluhtiwnacitavehtgnilianrehtulnitrams'ti.senolcnworbsemajdnanotnilcegroegtubgnihtonfollufesrevinulellarapelohwanahtreiknufs'ti.lla'y,erehnipuottehgoxtugnikaerfehts'ti.nioctibottraehruoynepo.nioctibemosteg.yticixotemosteggottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.thecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.ourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizedbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals.amonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest..traehtarenioctihsas'ehesuacebebyam.yugtahttsurtyllaert'nodi.tinodevomt'nsahehrafostub,slapynorcteertsllawsihothcnuballesdluocehgnirugif,teewtehtniztargovonekimdeggati.sehceelesohtfodirtegdnanaolfmiehtffoyapot"sdnobonaclov"dezilaretallocsgninraenioctiberutuffohtrowsnoillibllesdluohsehtaht—nioctibninoillib1$enimotseonaclovs'noitansihpatotgniogsawehdecnuonnaehnehwelekubbiyantnediserpdeteewti".pidehtgniyub"s'ehmehtgnillet,mehtgnitnuats'eh?rettiwtno)fmi(dnufyratenomlanoitanretniehtgnillortrodavlaslefotnediserpehtneesuoyevah?emeveilebt'nodmeanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).jackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upsadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoveratxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell..potslluf.esidarapremmacsasinodnol.sretsknabdnaslanimircreerac,slayorsselesu,srenioctihsdetnemedstcetorpdnasrovafmetsyslagels'.k.uehtnahtnosaerrehtoonrof)kcamroccmretepdna(nerdlihcdnanemowdlossarahohwskcahlagelnodnoldecirp-hgihfoymrasihdnaihsotekafrofylralucitrap.ecnisrevellihnwodgniogneebs'tidna7102foraweziskcolbehtgnirudffodeppirsdaehriehttogsrekcolbgib?yletalrevregormorfdraehenoynasaheverysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,ada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin..)thgirsawolletsocsivle(gnidnatsrednudnaevol,ecaep,yrotsihnamuhniemittsrifehtrof,gnizitenomybsihtseodti.flestietatsehtdnadertah,ecneloiv,rawsezitenomedylsuoenatlumisti,htaedotdlogdnataif,snioctihssevratsnioctibsadna.ygreneelbaliavallafotseuqnocelbaitasnis'nioctibfotluserehtsahtaedotevratslliwdlogdnataif,snioctihs.ylppusygrenes'dlrowehtnokcatta%15aebotdengisedsawnioctib,sihtgniraeher'uoyemittsrifehtebthgimsihtdna,yhwnialpxeemtel.ytniatreclacitamehtam,deetnaraugas'tiwe'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneythatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.loveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar..skcub-kcuctaifnoillirt2$tsocetamitseemostahtrawarof,elpmaxerof,natsinahgfanisyotetahfohtrownoillib58$tfelacirema.semehcsiznopyenomtaifriehthtiwyresimdnaytrevop,rawmorftiforpohwsretsknabfossalcrebunafoecivresehtnilla—gniogtipeekotsrawdnagnitnirpyenomseriuqerdnalufetsawylnautnagragsimroftnerrucstiniyrtsudniygreneeht.eilt'nodsrebmuneht.osserpsedecifosnollagdnasteehsdaerpsrevogniruopsyadriehtdnepsohw—tnebytram,retraccin,rolyasleahcim—sdaehggeesehtotnetsilibitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.removethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.bitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance..kcolbsisenegehtnierehtthgir,tieesotgnisoohcenoynaybelbavresbo,locotorpnioctibdeziroeht-emagehtotnidekabtcafas'ti.erusrofnioctibgninimtratslliwsregnomrawehttheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar..gnihtonyllautriv—elimsasaemasehtsiecaepfonoisolpxesihtroftsocehtdnarehtohcaerofevolsserpxednatcennocotgnikoolllasluosfosnoillibfoaesrebycaniyllaudividnisevlesruosserpxeyllufotsuswollanioctibesuacebsraeppasidroopgniebforaefehtesuacebsraeppasidytrevop.ecnetsixeruoniemittsrifehtrofdezitenomstegecaepdnaevoldrawotycnednetlarutanruoesuaceborezraenotspordnoitpmusnocygreneruo,gniodosni.ygreneehtllaekatlliwnioctib,thgirs'taht.eromro%59ybspord,ylppusygrenelabolgnokcatta%15stisekamnioctibelihwneve,noitpmusnocygrenellarevoeht—dlogrosnioctihs,taifnahtnihtlaewerotsdnatcasnartottneiciffeeromyletinifnisinioctibesuaceb—evolfoseicneiciffeeht,ymonoceevoldnaecaepaotymonoceecneloivdnarawamorfevomewsa,pusihtparwotyes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in..sdnimruodnakcabsluosruognittegeraew.elohtibbarehtniecneirepxenworiehtevillliwenoyrevestacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.we'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyou—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.resiekxam
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF noitcaer a ton saw nioctiB hturt rettib eht s'ereH to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. Really?          Yes. hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctiB desnes stekram ehT Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc ehT sesoruen ruo lla around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking teertS llaW stsinosra knab lartnec sredart kcots stsirorret and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla tcaf nI Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's syad eseht stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT tuoba gninialpmoc Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. tehtipe tsilamixaM eht htiw pu emac niretuB kilatiV Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. Don't fall for shitcoinery. ytingid ruoy peeK Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoY hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp eciN ot are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to lla'y ereh ni pu ottehg OXTU gnikaerf eht s'tI nioctiB It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'tI smutamitlu htiw nacitaV eht gnilian ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcS reteP gnihctaw fo sraey dna esnesnon since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. citohcysp yb won dellortnoc suoicsnocnu evitcelloc ehT cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized nioctib yletanutroF yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom A Don't believe me? Have you seen the president of El Salvador rettiwT no FMI dnuF yratenoM lanoitanretnI eht gnillort He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings FMI eht ffo yap ot sdnoB onacloV dezilaretalloc loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a eh raf os tub slap ynorc teertS llaW sih ot hcnub hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. yrtnuoc eht fo rodavlaS lE ni kcab elihwnaeM is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups elohw eht etar siht tA gniworg dna gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teG PRX ta Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna fo raW eziS Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children s' K U eht naht nosaer rehto on rof kcamroCcM reteP dna legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. potS lluF esidarap remmacs a si nodnoL EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, TAIF SULP SNIOCTIHS REHTO DNA ADA MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. nialpxe em teL ytniatrec lacitamehtam deetnaraug a s'tI why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's lliw dlog dna taif snioctihS ylppus ygrene starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. htaed ot dlog dna taif snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dnA it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first gnidnatsrednu dna evol ecaep yrotsih namuh ni emit (Elvis Costello was right). We've never had an economy and a money nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets eil t'nod srebmun ehT osserpse deci fo snollag dna The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in ytrevop raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war skcub-kcuc taif noillirt tsoc etamitse emos taht BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna evitnecni raw eht evomeR Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. locotorp nioctiB deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'tI observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb evol fo to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta sti sekam nioctiB drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear su swolla nioctiB esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up madretsmA ni moor letoh s'okoY dna nhoJ ni during their 1969 bed-in. Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era eW Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you raef sreuqnoc nioctiB sa ysatsce dna ynoga eht and hate and replaces it with peace and love. MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af noitcaer a ton saw nioctib hturt rettib eht s'ereh to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. really?          yes. hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctib desnes stekram eht markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc eht sesoruen ruo lla around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking teerts llaw stsinosra knab lartnec sredart kcots stsirorret and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla tcaf ni bitcoin. and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's syad eseht stsilamixam nioctib cixot tuoba gninialpmoc look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. tehtipe tsilamixam eht htiw pu emac niretub kilativ now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. don't fall for shitcoinery. ytingid ruoy peek go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoy hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ecin ot are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to lla'y ereh ni pu ottehg oxtu gnikaerf eht s'ti nioctib it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'ti smutamitlu htiw nacitav eht gnilian ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcs retep gnihctaw fo sraey dna esnesnon since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. citohcysp yb won dellortnoc suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized nioctib yletanutrof yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom a don't believe me? have you seen the president of el salvador rettiwt no fmi dnuf yratenom lanoitanretni eht gnillort he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings fmi eht ffo yap ot sdnob onaclov dezilaretalloc loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a eh raf os tub slap ynorc teerts llaw sih ot hcnub hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. yrtnuoc eht fo rodavlas le ni kcab elihwnaem is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups elohw eht etar siht ta gniworg dna gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teg prx ta has anyone heard from roger ver lately? big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna fo raw ezis particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children s' k u eht naht nosaer rehto on rof kcamroccm retep dna legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. pots lluf esidarap remmacs a si nodnol every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, taif sulp snioctihs rehto dna ada money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. nialpxe em tel ytniatrec lacitamehtam deetnaraug a s'ti why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's lliw dlog dna taif snioctihs ylppus ygrene starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. htaed ot dlog dna taif snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dna it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first gnidnatsrednu dna evol ecaep yrotsih namuh ni emit (elvis costello was right). we've never had an economy and a money nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets eil t'nod srebmun eht osserpse deci fo snollag dna the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in ytrevop raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war skcub-kcuc taif noillirt tsoc etamitse emos taht bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna evitnecni raw eht evomer bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. locotorp nioctib deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'ti observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb evol fo to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta sti sekam nioctib drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. poverty disappears because the fear su swolla nioctib esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up madretsma ni moor letoh s'okoy dna nhoj ni during their 1969 bed-in. everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era ew stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you raef sreuqnoc nioctib sa ysatsce dna ynoga eht and hate and replaces it with peace and love. max keiser
bitcoinistoxicafnoitcaeratonsawnioctibhturtrettibehts'erehtotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit.really?yes.hsarcotdetratsdnagnimocsawnioctibdesnesstekramehtmarketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofrepapetihwehtgnihsilbuperewsknuprehpycehtsesoruenruollaaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingteertsllawstsinosraknablartnecsredartkcotsstsirorretandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.ybdesuacsisyadesehtuoydnuoraeesuoysoahcehtllatcafnibitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody'ssyadesehtstsilamixamnioctibcixottuobagninialpmoclook,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.fact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingderevocsidrodetnevnineebreves'tahtit'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname.tehtipetsilamixamehthtiwpuemacniretubkilativnowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.don'tfallforshitcoinery.ytingidruoypeekgobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.erabruoyhtiwyldnilbgniggidebt'ndluowuoyhandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistensrenioctihsdnanemnocmorfsdrowtnasaelpecinotareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.getsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.openyourhearttolla'yerehnipuottehgoxtugnikaerfehts'tinioctibit'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinluthergniebniksfodnuosehts'tismutamitluhtiwnacitavehtgnilianrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.gottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynioctibgniyubssimffihcsretepgnihctawfosraeydnaesnesnonsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.citohcyspybwondellortnocsuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.ourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizednioctibyletanutrofyenomtaiffopintacdicnarehtybputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals.tsehcerusaertehtotrotallirbifedyratenomadon'tbelieveme?haveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvadorrettiwtnofmidnufyratenomlanoitanretniehtgnillorthe'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedenimotseonaclovs'noitansihpatotgniogsaweh$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningsfmiehtffoyapotsdnobonaclovdezilaretallocloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellaehrafostubslapynorcteertsllawsihothcnubhasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy.maybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.yrtnuocehtforodavlaslenikcabelihwnaemisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).jackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upselohwehtetarsihttagniworgdnagnidneb-dnimaotyadacountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenoverllehnioctihsecneirepxeotydaertegprxtahasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?bigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblockecnisrevellihnwodgniogneebs'tidnaforawezisparticularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildrens'kuehtnahtnosaerrehtoonrofkcamroccmretepdnalegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.potsllufesidarapremmacsasinodnoleverysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,taifsulpsnioctihsrehtodnaadamoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.nialpxeemtelytniatreclacitamehtamdeetnaraugas'tiwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'slliwdlogdnataifsnioctihsylppusygrenestarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.htaedotdlogdnataifsnioctihssevratsnioctibsadnaitsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirstgnidnatsrednudnaevolecaepyrotsihnamuhniemit(elviscostellowasright).we'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneynioctiblitnuerofebevolsezivitnecnitahtloveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyofrawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetseilt'nodsrebmunehtosserpsedecifosnollagdnatheenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allinytrevoprawmorftiforpohwsretsknabfossalcrebunafoecivresehtandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarskcub-kcuctaifnoillirttsocetamitseemostahtbitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin.evitnecnietahehtevomeruoydnaevitnecnirawehtevomerbitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.thewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.locotorpnioctibdeziroeht-emagehtotnidekabtcafas'tiobservablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock.rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehttowrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciestneiciffeeromyletinifnisinioctibesuacebevolfototransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhileylppusygrenelabolgnokcattastisekamnioctibdropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondrawotycnednetlarutanruoesuaceborezraenotspordloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearsuswollanioctibesuacebsraeppasidroopgniebfotofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandnoisolpxesihtroftsocehtdnarehtohcaerofevolsserpxeofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.yes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupmadretsmanimoorletohs'okoydnanhojniduringtheir1969bed-in.everyonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.sdnimruodnakcabsluosruognittegeraewstacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.we'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyouraefsreuqnocnioctibsaysatscednaynogaehtandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.maxkeiser
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF noitcaer a ton saw nioctiB .hturt rettib eht s'ereH to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. Really?          Yes. .hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctiB desnes stekram ehT Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. Markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc ehT .sesoruen ruo lla around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking teertS llaW ,stsinosra knab lartnec   ,sredart kcots ,stsirorret and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla ,tcaf nI Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some Bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. Everybody's .syad eseht "stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT" tuoba gninialpmoc Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing .derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding Bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. .tehtipe "tsilamixaM" eht htiw pu emac niretuB kilatiV Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. Don't fall for shitcoinery. .ytingid ruoy peeK Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, the Layer 1 of the whole Satoshi experience. erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoY hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ,eciN .ot are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to .lla'y ,ereh ni pu ottehg OXTU gnikaerf eht s'tI .nioctiB It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'tI .smutamitlu htiw nacitaV eht gnilian ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcS reteP gnihctaw fo sraey 01 dna( esnesnon since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. citohcysp yb won dellortnoc ,suoicsnocnu evitcelloc ehT cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. Our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized nioctib ,yletanutroF   .yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. .tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom A Don't believe me? Have you seen the president of El Salvador ?rettiwT no )FMI( dnuF yratenoM lanoitanretnI eht gnillort He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings FMI eht ffo yap ot "sdnoB onacloV" dezilaretalloc loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a eh raf os tub ,slap ynorc teertS llaW sih ot hcnub hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. Maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. yrtnuoc eht fo %24 ,rodavlaS lE ni kcab ,elihwnaeM is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups elohw eht ,etar siht tA .gniworg dna 000,001 gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over .lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teG        .PRX ta Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block .ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna 7102 fo raW eziS Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced London legal hacks who harass old women and children s'.K.U eht naht nosaer rehto on rof )kcamroCcM reteP dna( legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. .potS lluF .esidarap remmacs a si nodnoL EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BITCOIN WANNABES — BCH, BSV, ETH, XRP, TAIF SULP ,SNIOCTIHS REHTO 000,21 DNA ,ADA MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. nialpxe em teL .ytniatrec lacitamehtam ,deetnaraug a s'tI why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's lliw dlog dna taif ,snioctihS .ylppus ygrene starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. ,htaed ot dlog dna taif ,snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dnA it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. It does this by monetizing, for the first gnidnatsrednu dna evol ,ecaep ,yrotsih namuh ni emit (Elvis Costello was right). We've never had an economy and a money .nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht Love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. The economy of .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets .eil t'nod srebmun ehT .osserpse deci fo snollag dna The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in ytrevop ,raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war .skcub-kcuc taif noillirt 2$ tsoc etamitse emos taht BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. .evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna ,evitnecni raw eht evomeR Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. ,locotorp nioctiB deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'tI observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the Genesis Block. .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb — evol fo to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while ,ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta %15 sti sekam nioctiB drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. Poverty disappears because the fear su swolla nioctiB esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. Yes, for some, the Bitcoin rabbit hole ends up madretsmA ni moor letoh s'okoY dna nhoJ ni during their 1969 bed-in. Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. .sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era eW Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. We've seen some shit. Happy to share it all with you raef sreuqnoc nioctiB sa — ysatsce dna ynoga eht — and hate and replaces it with peace and love. MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af noitcaer a ton saw nioctib .hturt rettib eht s'ereh to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. really?          yes. .hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctib desnes stekram eht markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. markets are the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc eht .sesoruen ruo lla around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic arose in the global unconscious of money printers, banking teerts llaw ,stsinosra knab lartnec   ,sredart kcots ,stsirorret and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla ,tcaf ni bitcoin. and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, and even some bitcoiners, consider this view toxic. everybody's .syad eseht "stsilamixam nioctib cixot" tuoba gninialpmoc look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing .derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying to cash in by riding bitcoins coattails that give it a bad name. .tehtipe "tsilamixam" eht htiw pu emac niretub kilativ now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. don't fall for shitcoinery. .ytingid ruoy peek go bitcoin toxic maximalist, the layer 1 of the whole satoshi experience. erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoy hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ,ecin .ot are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to .lla'y ,ereh ni pu ottehg oxtu gnikaerf eht s'ti .nioctib it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'ti .smutamitlu htiw nacitav eht gnilian ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcs retep gnihctaw fo sraey 01 dna( esnesnon since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. citohcysp yb won dellortnoc ,suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. our imaginations and inventiveness have been euthanized nioctib ,yletanutrof   .yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. .tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom a don't believe me? have you seen the president of el salvador ?rettiwt no )fmi( dnuf yratenom lanoitanretni eht gnillort he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell billions worth of future bitcoin earnings fmi eht ffo yap ot "sdnob onaclov" dezilaretalloc loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a eh raf os tub ,slap ynorc teerts llaw sih ot hcnub hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. maybe because he's a shitcoiner at heart. yrtnuoc eht fo %24 ,rodavlas le ni kcab ,elihwnaem is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups elohw eht ,etar siht ta .gniworg dna 000,001 gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over .lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teg        .prx ta has anyone heard from roger ver lately? big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block .ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna 7102 fo raw ezis particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced london legal hacks who harass old women and children s'.k.u eht naht nosaer rehto on rof )kcamroccm retep dna( legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, useless royals, career criminals and banksters. .pots lluf .esidarap remmacs a si nodnol every single one of the bitcoin wannabes — bch, bsv, eth, xrp, taif sulp ,snioctihs rehto 000,21 dna ,ada money and gold — is facing the ignominious fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. nialpxe em tel .ytniatrec lacitamehtam ,deetnaraug a s'ti why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, bitcoin was designed to be a 51% attack on the world's lliw dlog dna taif ,snioctihs .ylppus ygrene starve to death as the result of bitcoin's insatiable conquest of all available energy. ,htaed ot dlog dna taif ,snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dna it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and the state itself. it does this by monetizing, for the first gnidnatsrednu dna evol ,ecaep ,yrotsih namuh ni emit (elvis costello was right). we've never had an economy and a money .nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht love opens up the collective unconscious and our joint inner cosmic being. the economy of .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets .eil t'nod srebmun eht .osserpse deci fo snollag dna the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful and requires money printing and wars to keep it going — all in ytrevop ,raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war .skcub-kcuc taif noillirt 2$ tsoc etamitse emos taht bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, corpse-ridden, poppy-harvesting fiat money with perfect bitcoin. .evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna ,evitnecni raw eht evomer bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. ,locotorp nioctib deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'ti observable by anyone choosing to see it, right there in the genesis block. .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb — evol fo to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold — the overall energy consumption, even while ,ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta %15 sti sekam nioctib drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord love and peace gets monetized for the first time in our existence. poverty disappears because the fear su swolla nioctib esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. yes, for some, the bitcoin rabbit hole ends up madretsma ni moor letoh s'okoy dna nhoj ni during their 1969 bed-in. everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. .sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era ew stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. we've seen some shit. happy to share it all with you raef sreuqnoc nioctib sa — ysatsce dna ynoga eht — and hate and replaces it with peace and love. max keiser
bitcoinistoxicafnoitcaeratonsawnioctib.hturtrettibehts'erehtotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit.really?yes..hsarcotdetratsdnagnimocsawnioctibdesnesstekramehtmarketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsarethecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofrepapetihwehtgnihsilbuperewsknuprehpyceht.sesoruenruollaaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicaroseintheglobalunconsciousofmoneyprinters,bankingteertsllaw,stsinosraknablartnec,sredartkcots,stsirorretandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholeofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.ybdesuacsisyadesehtuoydnuoraeesuoysoahcehtlla,tcafnibitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,andevensomebitcoiners,considerthisviewtoxic.everybody's.syadeseht"stsilamixamnioctibcixot"tuobagninialpmoclook,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.fact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthing.derevocsidrodetnevnineebreves'tahtit'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingtocashinbyridingbitcoinscoattailsthatgiveitabadname..tehtipe"tsilamixam"ehthtiwpuemacniretubkilativnowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.don'tfallforshitcoinery..ytingidruoypeekgobitcointoxicmaximalist,thelayer1ofthewholesatoshiexperience.erabruoyhtiwyldnilbgniggidebt'ndluowuoyhandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthisweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistensrenioctihsdnanemnocmorfsdrowtnasaelp,ecin.otareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.getsometoxicity.getsomebitcoin.openyourheartto.lla'y,erehnipuottehgoxtugnikaerfehts'ti.nioctibit'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinluthergniebniksfodnuosehts'ti.smutamitluhtiwnacitavehtgnilianrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.gottabethisway.fortyyearsofdumbpost-1971fiatmoneynioctibgniyubssimffihcsretepgnihctawfosraey01dna(esnesnonsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)havedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.citohcyspybwondellortnoc,suoicsnocnuevitcellocehtcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.ourimaginationsandinventivenesshavebeeneuthanizednioctib,yletanutrof.yenomtaiffopintacdicnarehtybputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneylaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals..tsehcerusaertehtotrotallirbifedyratenomadon'tbelieveme?haveyouseenthepresidentofelsalvador?rettiwtno)fmi(dnufyratenomlanoitanretniehtgnillorthe'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."itweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedenimotseonaclovs'noitansihpatotgniogsaweh$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellbillionsworthoffuturebitcoinearningsfmiehtffoyapot"sdnobonaclov"dezilaretallocloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikenovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellaehrafostub,slapynorcteertsllawsihothcnubhasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy.maybebecausehe'sashitcoineratheart.yrtnuocehtfo%24,rodavlaslenikcab,elihwnaemisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).jackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upselohweht,etarsihtta.gniworgdna000,001gnidneb-dnimaotyadacountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.(sorrybhutan,youfellforthatsnakeoilsalesmenover.llehnioctihsecneirepxeotydaerteg.prxtahasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?bigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblock.ecnisrevellihnwodgniogneebs'tidna7102forawezisparticularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedlondonlegalhackswhoharassoldwomenandchildrens'.k.uehtnahtnosaerrehtoonrof)kcamroccmretepdna(legalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,uselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters..potslluf.esidarapremmacsasinodnoleverysingleoneofthebitcoinwannabes—bch,bsv,eth,xrp,taifsulp,snioctihsrehto000,21dna,adamoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.nialpxeemtel.ytniatreclacitamehtam,deetnaraugas'tiwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,bitcoinwasdesignedtobea51%attackontheworld'slliwdlogdnataif,snioctihs.ylppusygrenestarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'sinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.,htaedotdlogdnataif,snioctihssevratsnioctibsadnaitsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandthestateitself.itdoesthisbymonetizing,forthefirstgnidnatsrednudnaevol,ecaep,yrotsihnamuhniemit(elviscostellowasright).we'veneverhadaneconomyandamoney.nioctiblitnuerofebevolsezivitnecnitahtloveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandourjointinnercosmicbeing.theeconomyof.rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,martybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheets.eilt'nodsrebmuneht.osserpsedecifosnollagdnatheenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulandrequiresmoneyprintingandwarstokeepitgoing—allinytrevop,rawmorftiforpohwsretsknabfossalcrebunafoecivresehtandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85billionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawar.skcub-kcuctaifnoillirt2$tsocetamitseemostahtbitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,corpse-ridden,poppy-harvestingfiatmoneywithperfectbitcoin..evitnecnietahehtevomeruoydna,evitnecnirawehtevomerbitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.thewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.,locotorpnioctibdeziroeht-emagehtotnidekabtcafas'tiobservablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,rightthereinthegenesisblock..rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceehttowrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciestneiciffeeromyletinifnisinioctibesuaceb—evolfototransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinsorgold—theoverallenergyconsumption,evenwhile,ylppusygrenelabolgnokcatta%15stisekamnioctibdropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakealltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiondrawotycnednetlarutanruoesuaceborezraenotspordloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinourexistence.povertydisappearsbecausethefearsuswollanioctibesuacebsraeppasidroopgniebfotofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandnoisolpxesihtroftsocehtdnarehtohcaerofevolsserpxeofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.yes,forsome,thebitcoinrabbitholeendsupmadretsmanimoorletohs'okoydnanhojniduringtheir1969bed-in.everyonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole..sdnimruodnakcabsluosruognittegeraewstacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.we'veseensomeshit.happytoshareitallwithyouraefsreuqnocnioctibsa—ysatscednaynogaeht—andhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.maxkeiser
FA CIXOT SI NIOCTIB .ti desuac tI .8002 fo sisirC laicnaniF labolG eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctiB .hturt rettib eht s'ereH .seY          ?yllaeR .thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna — woN cimsoC eht fo eloh kcalb eht — gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctiB ehT .nomiD eimaJ dna teertS llaW ,stsinosra knab lartnec   ,sredart kcots ,stsirorret gniknab ,sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna — gniyrt fo sraey retfa — emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc ehT .sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yehT .ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekraM .ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yehT .taht ekil era stekraM .hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctiB desnes stekram ehT .devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ,eciN .ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtynA .eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctiB fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoY .ecneirepxe ihsotaS elohw eht fo 1 reyaL eht ,tsilamixaM cixoT nioctiB oG .ytingid ruoy peeK .yrenioctihs rof llaf t'noD .bal muerehtEm eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh woN .tehtipe "tsilamixaM" eht htiw pu emac niretuB kilatiV .eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctiB gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'tI .derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof 1 reyaL s'tI          :tcaF .locotorp eht fo 1 reyaL si yticixot ,kooL .syad eseht "stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT" tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyrevE .cixot weiv siht redisnoc ,srenioctiB emos neve dna ,srenioctihs dna sreniocoN .retteb eb dluoc gnihton dnA .nioctiB yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla ,tcaf nI .ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'tI .smutamitlu htiw nacitaV eht gnilian rehtuL nitraM s'tI .senolc nworB semaJ dna notnilC egroeG tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'tI .lla'y ,ereh ni pu ottehg OXTU gnikaerf eht s'tI .nioctiB ot traeh ruoy nepO .nioctib emos teG .yticixot emos teG .tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom A .slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'tI .ymotobol gnirednual yenom knaB nattahnaM esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib ,yletanutroF   .yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruO .sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer "sdneirF" syalp ,stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc ,suoicsnocnu evitcelloc ehT .sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah )1102 ni kcab 1$ ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats I ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcS reteP gnihctaw fo sraey 01 dna( esnesnon yenom taif 1791-tsop bmud fo sraey ytroF .yaw siht eb attoG .traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyaM .yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod I .ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub ,slap ynorc teertS llaW sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif ,teewt eht ni ztargovoN ekiM deggat I .sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol FMI eht ffo yap ot "sdnoB onacloV" dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht — nioctib ni noillib 1$ enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekuB biyaN tnediserP deteewt I ".pid eht gniyub" s'eh meht gnillet ,meht gnitnuat s'eH ?rettiwT no )FMI( dnuF yratenoM lanoitanretnI eht gnillort rodavlaS lE fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evaH ?em eveileb t'noD .lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teG        .PRX ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy ,natuhB yrroS( .shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixaM nioctiB cixoT eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht ,etar siht tA .gniworg dna 000,001 gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen 000,02 morf enog sah ppa ekirtS 'srellaM kcaJ .)gnitirw fo emit eht ta( dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo %24 ,rodavlaS lE ni kcab ,elihwnaeM .potS lluF .esidarap remmacs a si nodnoL .sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac ,slayoR sselesu ,srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s'.K.U eht naht nosaer rehto on rof )kcamroCcM reteP dna( nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnoL decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaF rof ylralucitraP .ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna 7102 fo raW eziS kcolB eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb giB ?yletal reV regoR morf draeh enoyna saH .NIOCTIB SUSREV NOITAZITENOMED FO ETAF SUOINIMONGI EHT GNICAF SI — DLOG DNA YENOM TAIF SULP ,SNIOCTIHS REHTO 000,21 DNA ,ADA ,PRX ,HTE ,VSB ,HCB — SEBANNAW NIOCTIB EHT FO ENO ELGNIS YREVE .)thgir saw olletsoC sivlE( gnidnatsrednu dna evol ,ecaep ,yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof ,gnizitenom yb siht seod tI .flesti etats eht dna dertah ,ecneloiv ,raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti ,htaed ot dlog dna taif ,snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dnA .ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctiB fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif ,snioctihS .ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta %15 a eb ot dengised saw nioctib ,siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna ,yhw nialpxe em teL .ytniatrec lacitamehtam ,deetnaraug a s'tI .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT .gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evoL .nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'eW .skcub-kcuc taif noillirt 2$ tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof ,elpmaxe rof ,natsinahgfA ni syot etah fo htrow NOILLIB 58$ tfel aciremA .semehcs iznoP yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop ,raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla — gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene ehT .eil t'nod srebmun ehT .osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw     — tneB ytraM ,retraC ciN ,rolyaS leahciM — sdaehgge eseht ot netsil I .ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo ;evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctiB .evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna ,evitnecni raw eht evomeR .nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop ,neddir-esproc ,gnippird-lio gnicalper yb SIHT LLA SEXIF NIOCTIB .kcolB siseneG eht ni ereht thgir ,ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo ,locotorp nioctiB deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'tI .erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw ehT .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce ehT .gnihton yllautriv — elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctiB esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevoP .ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo ,gniod os nI .ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctiB ,thgir s'tahT .erom ro %59 yb spord ,ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta %15 sti sekam nioctiB elihw neve ,noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht — dlog ro snioctihs ,taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb — evol fo seicneiciffe eht ,ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa ,pu siht parw oT .ni-deb 9691 rieht gnirud madretsmA ni moor letoh s'okoY dna nhoJ ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctiB eht ,emos rof ,seY .sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era eW .eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyrevE .evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctiB sa — ysatsce dna ynoga eht — uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppaH .tihs emos nees ev'eW .sraey 01 rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah I dna ycatS RESIEK XAM
fa cixot si nioctib .ti desuac ti .8002 fo sisirc laicnanif labolg eht ot noitcaer a ton saw nioctib .hturt rettib eht s'ereh .sey          ?yllaer .thgis sti ni stekram taif dah ti dna — won cimsoc eht fo eloh kcalb eht — gninepo saw eloh tibbar nioctib eht .nomid eimaj dna teerts llaw ,stsinosra knab lartnec   ,sredart kcots ,stsirorret gniknab ,sretnirp yenom fo suoicsnocnu labolg eht ni esora cinap evitcelloc a dna — gniyrt fo sraey retfa — emit taht dnuora repap etihw eht gnihsilbup erew sknuprehpyc eht .sesoruen ruo lla fo mus eht era yeht .ymonoce labolg eht fo metsys suovren lartnec eht era stekram .ecnavda ni ffuts tnuocsid yeht .taht ekil era stekram .hsarc ot detrats dna gnimoc saw nioctib desnes stekram eht .devolnu dna elbillug eht rof gninetsil ysae era srenioctihs dna nem noc morf sdrow tnasaelp ,ecin .ot netsil ot drah si gniraeh htrow gnihtyna .eurt t'nerew siht fi eloh tibbar s'nioctib fo kcum eht ni sdnah erab ruoy htiw yldnilb gniggid eb t'ndluow uoy .ecneirepxe ihsotas elohw eht fo 1 reyal eht ,tsilamixam cixot nioctib og .ytingid ruoy peek .yrenioctihs rof llaf t'nod .bal muerehtem eht ta ekats fo foorp gnignils s'eh won .tehtipe "tsilamixam" eht htiw pu emac niretub kilativ .eman dab a ti evig taht sliattaoc snioctib gnidir yb ni hsac ot gniyrt stsinutroppo sselemahs eht fo egaugnal eht ylno s'ti .derevocsid ro detnevni neeb reve s'taht gniht taerg yreve rof 1 reyal s'ti          :tcaf .locotorp eht fo 1 reyal si yticixot ,kool .syad eseht "stsilamixam nioctib cixot" tuoba gninialpmoc s'ydobyreve .cixot weiv siht redisnoc ,srenioctib emos neve dna ,srenioctihs dna sreniocon .retteb eb dluoc gnihton dna .nioctib yb desuac si syad eseht uoy dnuora ees uoy soahc eht lla ,tcaf ni .ekats gninrub a ot deit sreknab lartnec evil ffo deppir gnieb niks fo dnuos eht s'ti .smutamitlu htiw nacitav eht gnilian rehtul nitram s'ti .senolc nworb semaj dna notnilc egroeg tub gnihton fo lluf esrevinu lellarap elohw a naht reiknuf s'ti .lla'y ,ereh ni pu ottehg oxtu gnikaerf eht s'ti .nioctib ot traeh ruoy nepo .nioctib emos teg .yticixot emos teg .tsehc erusaert eht ot rotallirbifed yratenom a .slatineg eht ot nug nuts a s'ti .ymotobol gnirednual yenom knab nattahnam esahc repap eht ot dne na stup nioctib ,yletanutrof   .yenom taif fo pintac dicnar eht yb dezinahtue neeb evah ssenevitnevni dna snoitanigami ruo .sdaeh ruo ni yad lla snurer "sdneirf" syalp ,stac citohcysp yb won dellortnoc ,suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht .sdnim 'sreniocon dna 'srenioctihs dellud evah )1102 ni kcab 1$ ta emos yub ot mih gniregdab-yenoh detrats i ecnis nioctib gniyub ssim ffihcs retep gnihctaw fo sraey 01 dna( esnesnon yenom taif 1791-tsop bmud fo sraey ytrof .yaw siht eb attog .traeh ta renioctihs a s'eh esuaceb ebyam .yug taht tsurt yllaer t'nod i .ti no devom t'nsah eh raf os tub ,slap ynorc teerts llaw sih ot hcnub a lles dluoc eh gnirugif ,teewt eht ni ztargovon ekim deggat i .sehceel esoht fo dir teg dna naol fmi eht ffo yap ot "sdnob onaclov" dezilaretalloc sgninrae nioctib erutuf fo htrow snoillib lles dluohs eh taht — nioctib ni noillib 1$ enim ot seonaclov s'noitan sih pat ot gniog saw eh decnuonna eh nehw elekub biyan tnediserp deteewt i ".pid eht gniyub" s'eh meht gnillet ,meht gnitnuat s'eh ?rettiwt no )fmi( dnuf yratenom lanoitanretni eht gnillort rodavlas le fo tnediserp eht nees uoy evah ?em eveileb t'nod .lleh nioctihs ecneirepxe ot ydaer teg        .prx ta revo nemselas lio ekans taht rof llef uoy ,natuhb yrros( .shtnom xis nihtiw stsilamixam nioctib cixot eb lliw yrtnuoc elohw eht ,etar siht ta .gniworg dna 000,001 gnidneb-dnim a ot yad a spu-ngis wen 000,02 morf enog sah ppa ekirts 'srellam kcaj .)gnitirw fo emit eht ta( dezinioctibrepyh won si yrtnuoc eht fo %24 ,rodavlas le ni kcab ,elihwnaem .pots lluf .esidarap remmacs a si nodnol .sretsknab dna slanimirc reerac ,slayor sselesu ,srenioctihs detnemed stcetorp dna srovaf metsys lagel s'.k.u eht naht nosaer rehto on rof )kcamroccm retep dna( nerdlihc dna nemow dlo ssarah ohw skcah lagel nodnol decirp-hgih fo ymra sih dna ihsotekaf rof ylralucitrap .ecnis reve llihnwod gniog neeb s'ti dna 7102 fo raw ezis kcolb eht gnirud ffo deppir sdaeh rieht tog srekcolb gib ?yletal rev regor morf draeh enoyna sah .nioctib susrev noitazitenomed fo etaf suoinimongi eht gnicaf si — dlog dna yenom taif sulp ,snioctihs rehto 000,21 dna ,ada ,prx ,hte ,vsb ,hcb — sebannaw nioctib eht fo eno elgnis yreve .)thgir saw olletsoc sivle( gnidnatsrednu dna evol ,ecaep ,yrotsih namuh ni emit tsrif eht rof ,gnizitenom yb siht seod ti .flesti etats eht dna dertah ,ecneloiv ,raw sezitenomed ylsuoenatlumis ti ,htaed ot dlog dna taif ,snioctihs sevrats nioctib sa dna .ygrene elbaliava lla fo tseuqnoc elbaitasni s'nioctib fo tluser eht sa htaed ot evrats lliw dlog dna taif ,snioctihs .ylppus ygrene s'dlrow eht no kcatta %15 a eb ot dengised saw nioctib ,siht gniraeh er'uoy emit tsrif eht eb thgim siht dna ,yhw nialpxe em tel .ytniatrec lacitamehtam ,deetnaraug a s'ti .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht .gnieb cimsoc renni tnioj ruo dna suoicsnocnu evitcelloc eht pu snepo evol .nioctib litnu erofeb evol sezivitnecni taht yenom a dna ymonoce na dah reven ev'ew .skcub-kcuc taif noillirt 2$ tsoc etamitse emos taht raw a rof ,elpmaxe rof ,natsinahgfa ni syot etah fo htrow noillib 58$ tfel acirema .semehcs iznop yenom taif rieht htiw yresim dna ytrevop ,raw morf tiforp ohw sretsknab fo ssalc rebu na fo ecivres eht ni lla — gniog ti peek ot sraw dna gnitnirp yenom seriuqer dna lufetsaw ylnautnagrag si mrof tnerruc sti ni yrtsudni ygrene eht .eil t'nod srebmun eht .osserpse deci fo snollag dna steehsdaerps revo gniruop syad rieht dneps ohw     — tneb ytram ,retrac cin ,rolyas leahcim — sdaehgge eseht ot netsil i .ecnahc a nevig fi ycnednet larutan tsom ruo ;evol htiw pag eht sllif nioctib .evitnecni etah eht evomer uoy dna ,evitnecni raw eht evomer .nioctib tcefrep htiw yenom taif gnitsevrah-yppop ,neddir-esproc ,gnippird-lio gnicalper yb siht lla sexif nioctib .kcolb siseneg eht ni ereht thgir ,ti ees ot gnisoohc enoyna yb elbavresbo ,locotorp nioctib deziroeht-emag eht otni dekab tcaf a s'ti .erus rof nioctib gninim trats lliw sregnomraw eht .raw dna etah naht tneiciffe erom yletinifni si evol fo ymonoce eht .gnihton yllautriv — elims a sa emas eht si ecaep fo noisolpxe siht rof tsoc eht dna rehto hcae rof evol sserpxe dna tcennoc ot gnikool lla sluos fo snoillib fo aes rebyc a ni yllaudividni sevlesruo sserpxe ylluf ot su swolla nioctib esuaceb sraeppasid roop gnieb fo raef eht esuaceb sraeppasid ytrevop .ecnetsixe ruo ni emit tsrif eht rof dezitenom steg ecaep dna evol drawot ycnednet larutan ruo esuaceb orez raen ot spord noitpmusnoc ygrene ruo ,gniod os ni .ygrene eht lla ekat lliw nioctib ,thgir s'taht .erom ro %59 yb spord ,ylppus ygrene labolg no kcatta %15 sti sekam nioctib elihw neve ,noitpmusnoc ygrene llarevo eht — dlog ro snioctihs ,taif naht ni htlaew erots dna tcasnart ot tneiciffe erom yletinifni si nioctib esuaceb — evol fo seicneiciffe eht ,ymonoce evol dna ecaep a ot ymonoce ecneloiv dna raw a morf evom ew sa ,pu siht parw ot .ni-deb 9691 rieht gnirud madretsma ni moor letoh s'okoy dna nhoj ni pu sdne eloh tibbar nioctib eht ,emos rof ,sey .sdnim ruo dna kcab sluos ruo gnitteg era ew .eloh tibbar eht ni ecneirepxe nwo rieht evil lliw enoyreve .evol dna ecaep htiw ti secalper dna etah dna raef sreuqnoc nioctib sa — ysatsce dna ynoga eht — uoy htiw lla ti erahs ot yppah .tihs emos nees ev'ew .sraey 01 rof ereh ni gnivil neeb evah i dna ycats resiek xam
facixotsinioctib.tidesuacti.8002fosisirclaicnaniflabolgehtotnoitcaeratonsawnioctib.hturtrettibehts'ereh.sey?yllaer.thgisstinistekramtaifdahtidna—woncimsocehtfoelohkcalbeht—gnineposawelohtibbarnioctibeht.nomideimajdnateertsllaw,stsinosraknablartnec,sredartkcots,stsirorretgniknab,sretnirpyenomfosuoicsnocnulabolgehtniesoracinapevitcellocadna—gniyrtfosraeyretfa—emittahtdnuorarepapetihwehtgnihsilbuperewsknuprehpyceht.sesoruenruollafomusehterayeht.ymonocelabolgehtfometsyssuovrenlartnecehterastekram.ecnavdaniffutstnuocsidyeht.tahtekilerastekram.hsarcotdetratsdnagnimocsawnioctibdesnesstekrameht.devolnudnaelbillugehtrofgninetsilysaeerasrenioctihsdnanemnocmorfsdrowtnasaelp,ecin.otnetsilotdrahsigniraehhtrowgnihtyna.eurtt'nerewsihtfielohtibbars'nioctibfokcumehtnisdnaherabruoyhtiwyldnilbgniggidebt'ndluowuoy.ecneirepxeihsotaselohwehtfo1reyaleht,tsilamixamcixotnioctibog.ytingidruoypeek.yrenioctihsrofllaft'nod.balmuerehtemehttaekatsfofoorpgnignilss'ehwon.tehtipe"tsilamixam"ehthtiwpuemacniretubkilativ.emandabatievigtahtsliattaocsnioctibgnidirybnihsacotgniyrtstsinutropposselemahsehtfoegaugnalehtylnos'ti.derevocsidrodetnevnineebreves'tahtgnihttaergyreverof1reyals'ti:tcaf.locotorpehtfo1reyalsiyticixot,kool.syadeseht"stsilamixamnioctibcixot"tuobagninialpmocs'ydobyreve.cixotweivsihtredisnoc,srenioctibemosnevedna,srenioctihsdnasreniocon.rettebebdluocgnihtondna.nioctibybdesuacsisyadesehtuoydnuoraeesuoysoahcehtlla,tcafni.ekatsgninrubaotdeitsreknablartnecevilffodeppirgniebniksfodnuosehts'ti.smutamitluhtiwnacitavehtgnilianrehtulnitrams'ti.senolcnworbsemajdnanotnilcegroegtubgnihtonfollufesrevinulellarapelohwanahtreiknufs'ti.lla'y,erehnipuottehgoxtugnikaerfehts'ti.nioctibottraehruoynepo.nioctibemosteg.yticixotemosteg.tsehcerusaertehtotrotallirbifedyratenoma.slatinegehtotnugnutsas'ti.ymotobolgnirednualyenomknabnattahnamesahcrepapehtotdnenastupnioctib,yletanutrof.yenomtaiffopintacdicnarehtybdezinahtueneebevahssenevitnevnidnasnoitanigamiruo.sdaehruoniyadllasnurer"sdneirf"syalp,staccitohcyspybwondellortnoc,suoicsnocnuevitcelloceht.sdnim'sreniocondna'srenioctihsdelludevah)1102nikcab1$taemosyubotmihgniregdab-yenohdetratsiecnisnioctibgniyubssimffihcsretepgnihctawfosraey01dna(esnesnonyenomtaif1791-tsopbmudfosraeyytrof.yawsihtebattog.traehtarenioctihsas'ehesuacebebyam.yugtahttsurtyllaert'nodi.tinodevomt'nsahehrafostub,slapynorcteertsllawsihothcnuballesdluocehgnirugif,teewtehtniztargovonekimdeggati.sehceelesohtfodirtegdnanaolfmiehtffoyapot"sdnobonaclov"dezilaretallocsgninraenioctiberutuffohtrowsnoillibllesdluohsehtaht—nioctibninoillib1$enimotseonaclovs'noitansihpatotgniogsawehdecnuonnaehnehwelekubbiyantnediserpdeteewti".pidehtgniyub"s'ehmehtgnillet,mehtgnitnuats'eh?rettiwtno)fmi(dnufyratenomlanoitanretniehtgnillortrodavlaslefotnediserpehtneesuoyevah?emeveilebt'nod.llehnioctihsecneirepxeotydaerteg.prxtarevonemselaslioekanstahtrofllefuoy,natuhbyrros(.shtnomxisnihtiwstsilamixamnioctibcixoteblliwyrtnuocelohweht,etarsihtta.gniworgdna000,001gnidneb-dnimaotyadaspu-ngiswen000,02morfenogsahppaekirts'srellamkcaj.)gnitirwfoemitehtta(dezinioctibrepyhwonsiyrtnuocehtfo%24,rodavlaslenikcab,elihwnaem.potslluf.esidarapremmacsasinodnol.sretsknabdnaslanimircreerac,slayorsselesu,srenioctihsdetnemedstcetorpdnasrovafmetsyslagels'.k.uehtnahtnosaerrehtoonrof)kcamroccmretepdna(nerdlihcdnanemowdlossarahohwskcahlagelnodnoldecirp-hgihfoymrasihdnaihsotekafrofylralucitrap.ecnisrevellihnwodgniogneebs'tidna7102foraweziskcolbehtgnirudffodeppirsdaehriehttogsrekcolbgib?yletalrevregormorfdraehenoynasah.nioctibsusrevnoitazitenomedfoetafsuoinimongiehtgnicafsi—dlogdnayenomtaifsulp,snioctihsrehto000,21dna,ada,prx,hte,vsb,hcb—sebannawnioctibehtfoenoelgnisyreve.)thgirsawolletsocsivle(gnidnatsrednudnaevol,ecaep,yrotsihnamuhniemittsrifehtrof,gnizitenomybsihtseodti.flestietatsehtdnadertah,ecneloiv,rawsezitenomedylsuoenatlumisti,htaedotdlogdnataif,snioctihssevratsnioctibsadna.ygreneelbaliavallafotseuqnocelbaitasnis'nioctibfotluserehtsahtaedotevratslliwdlogdnataif,snioctihs.ylppusygrenes'dlrowehtnokcatta%15aebotdengisedsawnioctib,sihtgniraeher'uoyemittsrifehtebthgimsihtdna,yhwnialpxeemtel.ytniatreclacitamehtam,deetnaraugas'ti.rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceeht.gniebcimsocrennitniojruodnasuoicsnocnuevitcellocehtpusnepoevol.nioctiblitnuerofebevolsezivitnecnitahtyenomadnaymonocenadahrevenev'ew.skcub-kcuctaifnoillirt2$tsocetamitseemostahtrawarof,elpmaxerof,natsinahgfanisyotetahfohtrownoillib58$tfelacirema.semehcsiznopyenomtaifriehthtiwyresimdnaytrevop,rawmorftiforpohwsretsknabfossalcrebunafoecivresehtnilla—gniogtipeekotsrawdnagnitnirpyenomseriuqerdnalufetsawylnautnagragsimroftnerrucstiniyrtsudniygreneeht.eilt'nodsrebmuneht.osserpsedecifosnollagdnasteehsdaerpsrevogniruopsyadriehtdnepsohw—tnebytram,retraccin,rolyasleahcim—sdaehggeesehtotnetsili.ecnahcanevigfiycnednetlarutantsomruo;evolhtiwpagehtsllifnioctib.evitnecnietahehtevomeruoydna,evitnecnirawehtevomer.nioctibtcefrephtiwyenomtaifgnitsevrah-yppop,neddir-esproc,gnippird-liognicalperybsihtllasexifnioctib.kcolbsisenegehtnierehtthgir,tieesotgnisoohcenoynaybelbavresbo,locotorpnioctibdeziroeht-emagehtotnidekabtcafas'ti.erusrofnioctibgninimtratslliwsregnomraweht.rawdnaetahnahttneiciffeeromyletinifnisievolfoymonoceeht.gnihtonyllautriv—elimsasaemasehtsiecaepfonoisolpxesihtroftsocehtdnarehtohcaerofevolsserpxednatcennocotgnikoolllasluosfosnoillibfoaesrebycaniyllaudividnisevlesruosserpxeyllufotsuswollanioctibesuacebsraeppasidroopgniebforaefehtesuacebsraeppasidytrevop.ecnetsixeruoniemittsrifehtrofdezitenomstegecaepdnaevoldrawotycnednetlarutanruoesuaceborezraenotspordnoitpmusnocygreneruo,gniodosni.ygreneehtllaekatlliwnioctib,thgirs'taht.eromro%59ybspord,ylppusygrenelabolgnokcatta%15stisekamnioctibelihwneve,noitpmusnocygrenellarevoeht—dlogrosnioctihs,taifnahtnihtlaewerotsdnatcasnartottneiciffeeromyletinifnisinioctibesuaceb—evolfoseicneiciffeeht,ymonoceevoldnaecaepaotymonoceecneloivdnarawamorfevomewsa,pusihtparwot.ni-deb9691riehtgnirudmadretsmanimoorletohs'okoydnanhojnipusdneelohtibbarnioctibeht,emosrof,sey.sdnimruodnakcabsluosruognittegeraew.elohtibbarehtniecneirepxenworiehtevillliwenoyreve.evoldnaecaephtiwtisecalperdnaetahdnaraefsreuqnocnioctibsa—ysatscednaynogaeht—uoyhtiwllatierahsotyppah.tihsemosneesev'ew.sraey01roferehnignivilneebevahidnaycatsresiekxam
AF TOXIC IS BITCOIN Here's the bitter truth. Bitcoin was not a reaction to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. Yes Really The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. Markets are like that. They discount stuff in advance. Markets are of sum the are They economy global the of system nervous central the all our neuroses. The cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic banking printers money of unconscious global the in arose terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street and Jamie Dimon. The Bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole sight its in markets fiat had it and Now Cosmic the of In fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, Everybody's toxic view this consider Bitcoiners some even and complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. Look, toxicity is Layer 1 of the protocol. thing great every for Layer It's Fact that's ever been invented or discovered. It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying name bad a it give that coattails Bitcoins riding by in cash to Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. Now he's slinging proof of stake at the mEthereum lab. shitcoinery for fall Don't Keep your dignity. Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, experience Satoshi whole the of Layer the You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this listen to hard is hearing worth Anything true weren't to. Nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. to heart your Open bitcoin some Get toxicity some Get Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. It's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing Luther Martin It's clones Brown James and Clinton George but nailing the Vatican with ultimatums. It's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. money fiat post- dumb of years Forty way this be Gotta nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin since I started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) minds nocoiners' and shitcoiners' dulled have The collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. euthanized been have inventiveness and imaginations Our by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   Fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase Manhattan Bank money genitals the to gun stun a It's lobotomy laundering A monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. Don't believe me? Salvador El of president the seen you Have trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? He's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." announced he when Bukele Nayib President tweeted I he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell earnings bitcoin future of worth billions collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF loan and get rid of those leeches. I tagged Mike a sell could he figuring tweet the in Novogratz bunch to his Wall Street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. heart at shitcoiner a he's because Maybe Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). sign-ups new from gone has app Strike Mallers' Jack a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. At this rate, the whole country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. over salesmen oil snake that for fell you Bhutan Sorry at XRP.        Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. Has anyone heard from Roger Ver lately? Block the during off ripped heads their got blockers Big Size War of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced children and women old harass who hacks legal London (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, banksters and criminals career Royals useless London is a scammer paradise. Full Stop. EVERY SINGLE ONE OF XRP ETH BSV BCH WANNABES BITCOIN THE ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT MONEY AND GOLD — IS FACING THE IGNOMINIOUS BITCOIN VERSUS DEMONETIZATION OF FATE It's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. Let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, world's the on attack a be to designed was bitcoin energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of Bitcoin's energy available all of conquest insatiable And as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and first the for monetizing by this does It itself state the time in human history, peace, love and understanding (Elvis Costello was right). money a and economy an had never We've that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. Love opens up the collective unconscious and of economy The being cosmic inner joint our love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. I listen to these eggheads — Michael Saylor, Nic Carter, spreadsheets over pouring days their spend who Bent Marty and gallons of iced espresso. The numbers don't lie. The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful in all going it keep to wars and printing money requires and the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money Ponzi schemes. America left $85 war a for example for Afghanistan in toys hate of worth BILLION that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, bitcoin perfect with money fiat poppy-harvesting corpse-ridden Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. Bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. sure for bitcoin mining start will warmongers The It's a fact baked into the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, Block Genesis the in there right The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. To wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence efficiencies the economy love and peace a to economy of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins while even consumption energy overall the gold or Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. That's right, Bitcoin will take consumption energy our doing so In energy the all drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in fear the because disappears Poverty existence our of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber and connect to looking all souls of billions of sea express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. up ends hole rabbit Bitcoin the some for Yes in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. hole rabbit the in experience own their live will Everyone We are getting our souls back and our minds. Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. you with all it share to Happy shit some seen We've — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. KEISER MAX
af toxic is bitcoin here's the bitter truth. bitcoin was not a reaction to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. yes really the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. markets are like that. they discount stuff in advance. markets are of sum the are they economy global the of system nervous central the all our neuroses. the cypherpunks were publishing the white paper around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic banking printers money of unconscious global the in arose terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street and jamie dimon. the bitcoin rabbit hole was opening — the black hole sight its in markets fiat had it and now cosmic the of in fact, all the chaos you see around you these days is caused by bitcoin. and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, everybody's toxic view this consider bitcoiners some even and complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. look, toxicity is layer 1 of the protocol. thing great every for layer it's fact that's ever been invented or discovered. it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying name bad a it give that coattails bitcoins riding by in cash to vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. now he's slinging proof of stake at the methereum lab. shitcoinery for fall don't keep your dignity. go bitcoin toxic maximalist, experience satoshi whole the of layer the you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this listen to hard is hearing worth anything true weren't to. nice, pleasant words from con men and shitcoiners are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. to heart your open bitcoin some get toxicity some get bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. it's funkier than a whole parallel universe full of nothing luther martin it's clones brown james and clinton george but nailing the vatican with ultimatums. it's the sound of skin being ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. money fiat post- dumb of years forty way this be gotta nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin since i started honey-badgering him to buy some at $1 back in 2011) minds nocoiners' and shitcoiners' dulled have the collective unconscious, controlled now by psychotic cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. euthanized been have inventiveness and imaginations our by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   fortunately, bitcoin puts an end to the paper chase manhattan bank money genitals the to gun stun a it's lobotomy laundering a monetary defibrillator to the treasure chest. don't believe me? salvador el of president the seen you have trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? he's taunting them, telling them he's "buying the dip." announced he when bukele nayib president tweeted i he was going to tap his nation's volcanoes to mine $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell earnings bitcoin future of worth billions collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf loan and get rid of those leeches. i tagged mike a sell could he figuring tweet the in novogratz bunch to his wall street crony pals, but so far he hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. heart at shitcoiner a he's because maybe meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country is now hyperbitcoinized (at the time of writing). sign-ups new from gone has app strike mallers' jack a day to a mind-bending 100,000 and growing. at this rate, the whole country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. over salesmen oil snake that for fell you bhutan sorry at xrp.        get ready to experience shitcoin hell. has anyone heard from roger ver lately? block the during off ripped heads their got blockers big size war of 2017 and it's been going downhill ever since. particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced children and women old harass who hacks legal london (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s legal system favors and protects demented shitcoiners, banksters and criminals career royals useless london is a scammer paradise. full stop. every single one of xrp eth bsv bch wannabes bitcoin the ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat money and gold — is facing the ignominious bitcoin versus demonetization of fate it's a guaranteed, mathematical certainty. let me explain why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, world's the on attack a be to designed was bitcoin energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will starve to death as the result of bitcoin's energy available all of conquest insatiable and as bitcoin starves shitcoins, fiat and gold to death, it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and first the for monetizing by this does it itself state the time in human history, peace, love and understanding (elvis costello was right). money a and economy an had never we've that incentivizes love before until bitcoin. love opens up the collective unconscious and of economy the being cosmic inner joint our love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. i listen to these eggheads — michael saylor, nic carter, spreadsheets over pouring days their spend who bent marty and gallons of iced espresso. the numbers don't lie. the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful in all going it keep to wars and printing money requires and the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty and misery with their fiat money ponzi schemes. america left $85 war a for example for afghanistan in toys hate of worth billion that some estimate cost $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, bitcoin perfect with money fiat poppy-harvesting corpse-ridden remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. bitcoin fills the gap with love; our most natural tendency if given a chance. sure for bitcoin mining start will warmongers the it's a fact baked into the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, observable by anyone choosing to see it, block genesis the in there right the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. to wrap this up, as we move from a war and violence efficiencies the economy love and peace a to economy of love — because bitcoin is infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins while even consumption energy overall the gold or bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, drops by 95% or more. that's right, bitcoin will take consumption energy our doing so in energy the all drops to near zero because our natural tendency toward love and peace gets monetized for the first time in fear the because disappears poverty existence our of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us to fully express ourselves individually in a cyber and connect to looking all souls of billions of sea express love for each other and the cost for this explosion of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. up ends hole rabbit bitcoin the some for yes in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam during their 1969 bed-in. hole rabbit the in experience own their live will everyone we are getting our souls back and our minds. stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. you with all it share to happy shit some seen we've — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear and hate and replaces it with peace and love. keiser max
aftoxicisbitcoinhere'sthebittertruth.bitcoinwasnotareactiontotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit.yesreallythemarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.marketsarelikethat.theydiscountstuffinadvance.marketsareofsumthearetheyeconomyglobaltheofsystemnervouscentraltheallourneuroses.thecypherpunkswerepublishingthewhitepaperaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicbankingprintersmoneyofunconsciousglobaltheinaroseterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetandjamiedimon.thebitcoinrabbitholewasopening—theblackholesightitsinmarketsfiathaditandnowcosmictheofinfact,allthechaosyouseearoundyouthesedaysiscausedbybitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,everybody'stoxicviewthisconsiderbitcoinerssomeevenandcomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.look,toxicityislayer1oftheprotocol.thinggreateveryforlayerit'sfactthat'severbeeninventedordiscovered.it'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingnamebadaitgivethatcoattailsbitcoinsridingbyincashtovitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.nowhe'sslingingproofofstakeatthemethereumlab.shitcoineryforfalldon'tkeepyourdignity.gobitcointoxicmaximalist,experiencesatoshiwholetheoflayertheyouwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarehandsinthemuckofbitcoin'srabbitholeifthislistentohardishearingworthanythingtrueweren'tto.nice,pleasantwordsfromconmenandshitcoinersareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.toheartyouropenbitcoinsomegettoxicitysomegetbitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.it'sfunkierthanawholeparalleluniversefullofnothingluthermartinit'sclonesbrownjamesandclintongeorgebutnailingthevaticanwithultimatums.it'sthesoundofskinbeingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.moneyfiatpost-dumbofyearsfortywaythisbegottanonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoinsinceistartedhoney-badgeringhimtobuysomeat$1backin2011)mindsnocoiners'andshitcoiners'dulledhavethecollectiveunconscious,controllednowbypsychoticcats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.euthanizedbeenhaveinventivenessandimaginationsourbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinputsanendtothepaperchasemanhattanbankmoneygenitalsthetogunstunait'slobotomylaunderingamonetarydefibrillatortothetreasurechest.don'tbelieveme?salvadorelofpresidenttheseenyouhavetrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?he'stauntingthem,tellingthemhe's"buyingthedip."announcedhewhenbukelenayibpresidenttweetedihewasgoingtotaphisnation'svolcanoestomine$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellearningsbitcoinfutureofworthbillionscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfloanandgetridofthoseleeches.itaggedmikeasellcouldhefiguringtweettheinnovogratzbunchtohiswallstreetcronypals,butsofarhehasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy.heartatshitcoinerahe'sbecausemaybemeanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountryisnowhyperbitcoinized(atthetimeofwriting).sign-upsnewfromgonehasappstrikemallers'jackadaytoamind-bending100,000andgrowing.atthisrate,thewholecountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.oversalesmenoilsnakethatforfellyoubhutansorryatxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.hasanyoneheardfromrogerverlately?blocktheduringoffrippedheadstheirgotblockersbigsizewarof2017andit'sbeengoingdownhilleversince.particularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedchildrenandwomenoldharasswhohackslegallondon(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'slegalsystemfavorsandprotectsdementedshitcoiners,bankstersandcriminalscareerroyalsuselesslondonisascammerparadise.fullstop.everysingleoneofxrpethbsvbchwannabesbitcointheada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatmoneyandgold—isfacingtheignominiousbitcoinversusdemonetizationoffateit'saguaranteed,mathematicalcertainty.letmeexplainwhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,world'stheonattackabetodesignedwasbitcoinenergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwillstarvetodeathastheresultofbitcoin'senergyavailableallofconquestinsatiableandasbitcoinstarvesshitcoins,fiatandgoldtodeath,itsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandfirsttheformonetizingbythisdoesititselfstatethetimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstanding(elviscostellowasright).moneyaandeconomyanhadneverwe'vethatincentivizeslovebeforeuntilbitcoin.loveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandofeconomythebeingcosmicinnerjointourloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.ilistentotheseeggheads—michaelsaylor,niccarter,spreadsheetsoverpouringdaystheirspendwhobentmartyandgallonsoficedespresso.thenumbersdon'tlie.theenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulinallgoingitkeeptowarsandprintingmoneyrequiresandtheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyandmiserywiththeirfiatmoneyponzischemes.americaleft$85waraforexampleforafghanistanintoyshateofworthbillionthatsomeestimatecost$2trillionfiatcuck-bucks.bitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,bitcoinperfectwithmoneyfiatpoppy-harvestingcorpse-riddenremovethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.bitcoinfillsthegapwithlove;ourmostnaturaltendencyifgivenachance.sureforbitcoinminingstartwillwarmongerstheit'safactbakedintothegame-theorizedbitcoinprotocol,observablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,blockgenesistheinthererighttheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.towrapthisup,aswemovefromawarandviolenceefficienciestheeconomyloveandpeaceatoeconomyoflove—becausebitcoinisinfinitelymoreefficienttotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinswhileevenconsumptionenergyoverallthegoldorbitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,dropsby95%ormore.that'sright,bitcoinwilltakeconsumptionenergyourdoingsoinenergythealldropstonearzerobecauseournaturaltendencytowardloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinfearthebecausedisappearspovertyexistenceourofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsustofullyexpressourselvesindividuallyinacyberandconnecttolookingallsoulsofbillionsofseaexpressloveforeachotherandthecostforthisexplosionofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.upendsholerabbitbitcointhesomeforyesinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdamduringtheir1969bed-in.holerabbittheinexperienceowntheirlivewilleveryonewearegettingoursoulsbackandourminds.stacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.youwithallitsharetohappyshitsomeseenwe've—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearandhateandreplacesitwithpeaceandlove.keisermax
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF reaction a not was Bitcoin truth bitter the Here's to the Global Financial Crisis of 2008. It caused it. Yes Really The markets sensed Bitcoin was coming and started to crash. are Markets advance in stuff discount They that like are Markets the central nervous system of the global economy. They are the sum of paper white the publishing were cypherpunks The neuroses our all around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic banking printers money of unconscious global the in arose terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, Wall Street hole black the opening was hole rabbit Bitcoin The Dimon Jamie and of the Cosmic Now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. by caused is days these you around see you chaos the all fact In Bitcoin. And nothing could be better. Nocoiners and shitcoiners, Everybody's toxic view this consider Bitcoiners some even and complaining about "Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists" these days. protocol the of Layer is toxicity Look Fact:          It's Layer 1 for every great thing discovered or invented been ever that's It's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying name bad a it give that coattails Bitcoins riding by in cash to Vitalik Buterin came up with the "Maximalist" epithet. lab mEthereum the at stake of proof slinging he's Now Don't fall for shitcoinery. dignity your Keep Go Bitcoin Toxic Maximalist, experience Satoshi whole the of Layer the You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare this if hole rabbit Bitcoin's of muck the in hands weren't true. Anything worth hearing is hard to listen shitcoiners and men con from words pleasant Nice to are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. to heart your Open bitcoin some Get toxicity some Get Bitcoin. It's the freaking UTXO ghetto up in here, y'all. nothing of full universe parallel whole a than funkier It's but George Clinton and James Brown clones. It's Martin Luther being skin of sound the It's ultimatums with Vatican the nailing ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. money fiat post- dumb of years Forty way this be Gotta nonsense (and 10 years of watching Peter Schiff miss buying bitcoin in back at some buy to him honey-badgering started I since have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. psychotic by now controlled unconscious collective The cats, plays "Friends" reruns all day in our heads. euthanized been have inventiveness and imaginations Our by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   Fortunately, bitcoin money Bank Manhattan chase paper the to end an puts laundering lobotomy. It's a stun gun to the genitals. chest treasure the to defibrillator monetary A Don't believe me? Salvador El of president the seen you Have trolling the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Twitter? dip the buying he's them telling them taunting He's I tweeted President Nayib Bukele when he announced mine to volcanoes nation's his tap to going was he $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell earnings bitcoin future of worth billions collateralized "Volcano Bonds" to pay off the IMF Mike tagged I leeches those of rid get and loan Novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a he far so but pals crony Street Wall his to bunch hasn't moved on it. I don't really trust that guy. heart at shitcoiner a he's because Maybe Meanwhile, back in El Salvador, 42% of the country writing of time the at hyperbitcoinized now is Jack Mallers' Strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups whole the rate this At growing and mind-bending a to day a country will be Toxic Bitcoin Maximalists within six months. over salesmen oil snake that for fell you Bhutan Sorry at XRP.        Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. lately Ver Roger from heard anyone Has Big blockers got their heads ripped off during the Block since ever downhill going been it's and of War Size Particularly for Faketoshi and his army of high-priced children and women old harass who hacks legal London (and Peter McCormack) for no other reason than the U.K.'s shitcoiners demented protects and favors system legal useless Royals, career criminals and banksters. Stop Full paradise scammer a is London EVERY SINGLE ONE OF XRP ETH BSV BCH WANNABES BITCOIN THE ADA, AND 12,000 OTHER SHITCOINS, PLUS FIAT IGNOMINIOUS THE FACING IS GOLD AND MONEY FATE OF DEMONETIZATION VERSUS BITCOIN. explain me Let certainty mathematical guaranteed a It's why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, world's the on attack a be to designed was bitcoin energy supply. Shitcoins, fiat and gold will Bitcoin's of result the as death to starve insatiable conquest of all available energy. death to gold and fiat shitcoins starves bitcoin as And it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and first the for monetizing by this does It itself state the time in human history, peace, love and understanding right was Costello Elvis We've never had an economy and a money bitcoin until before love incentivizes that Love opens up the collective unconscious and of economy The being cosmic inner joint our love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. Carter Nic Saylor Michael eggheads these to listen I Marty Bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets lie don't numbers The espresso iced of gallons and The energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful in all going it keep to wars and printing money requires and the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty left America schemes Ponzi money fiat their with misery and BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, for example, for a war cuck-bucks fiat trillion cost estimate some that BITCOIN FIXES ALL THIS by replacing oil-dripping, bitcoin perfect with money fiat poppy-harvesting corpse-ridden Remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. chance a given if tendency natural most our love with gap the fills Bitcoin The warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. protocol Bitcoin game-theorized the into baked fact a It's observable by anyone choosing to see it, Block Genesis the in there right The economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. violence and war a from move we as up this wrap To economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies efficient more infinitely is bitcoin because love of to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins while even consumption energy overall the gold or Bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, take will Bitcoin right That's more or by drops all the energy. In so doing, our energy consumption toward tendency natural our because zero near to drops love and peace gets monetized for the first time in fear the because disappears Poverty existence our of being poor disappears because Bitcoin allows us cyber a in individually ourselves express fully to sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and explosion this for cost the and other each for love express of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. up ends hole rabbit Bitcoin the some for Yes in John and Yoko's hotel room in Amsterdam bed-in their during Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. minds our and back souls our getting are We Stacy and I have been living in here for 10 years. you with all it share to Happy shit some seen We've — the agony and ecstasy — as Bitcoin conquers fear love and peace with it replaces and hate and MAX KEISER
bitcoin is toxic af reaction a not was bitcoin truth bitter the here's to the global financial crisis of 2008. it caused it. yes really the markets sensed bitcoin was coming and started to crash. are markets advance in stuff discount they that like are markets the central nervous system of the global economy. they are the sum of paper white the publishing were cypherpunks the neuroses our all around that time — after years of trying — and a collective panic banking printers money of unconscious global the in arose terrorists, stock traders,   central bank arsonists, wall street hole black the opening was hole rabbit bitcoin the dimon jamie and of the cosmic now — and it had fiat markets in its sight. by caused is days these you around see you chaos the all fact in bitcoin. and nothing could be better. nocoiners and shitcoiners, everybody's toxic view this consider bitcoiners some even and complaining about "toxic bitcoin maximalists" these days. protocol the of layer is toxicity look fact:          it's layer 1 for every great thing discovered or invented been ever that's it's only the language of the shameless opportunists trying name bad a it give that coattails bitcoins riding by in cash to vitalik buterin came up with the "maximalist" epithet. lab methereum the at stake of proof slinging he's now don't fall for shitcoinery. dignity your keep go bitcoin toxic maximalist, experience satoshi whole the of layer the you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare this if hole rabbit bitcoin's of muck the in hands weren't true. anything worth hearing is hard to listen shitcoiners and men con from words pleasant nice to are easy listening for the gullible and unloved. to heart your open bitcoin some get toxicity some get bitcoin. it's the freaking utxo ghetto up in here, y'all. nothing of full universe parallel whole a than funkier it's but george clinton and james brown clones. it's martin luther being skin of sound the it's ultimatums with vatican the nailing ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake. money fiat post- dumb of years forty way this be gotta nonsense (and 10 years of watching peter schiff miss buying bitcoin in back at some buy to him honey-badgering started i since have dulled shitcoiners' and nocoiners' minds. psychotic by now controlled unconscious collective the cats, plays "friends" reruns all day in our heads. euthanized been have inventiveness and imaginations our by the rancid catnip of fiat money.   fortunately, bitcoin money bank manhattan chase paper the to end an puts laundering lobotomy. it's a stun gun to the genitals. chest treasure the to defibrillator monetary a don't believe me? salvador el of president the seen you have trolling the international monetary fund (imf) on twitter? dip the buying he's them telling them taunting he's i tweeted president nayib bukele when he announced mine to volcanoes nation's his tap to going was he $1 billion in bitcoin — that he should sell earnings bitcoin future of worth billions collateralized "volcano bonds" to pay off the imf mike tagged i leeches those of rid get and loan novogratz in the tweet, figuring he could sell a he far so but pals crony street wall his to bunch hasn't moved on it. i don't really trust that guy. heart at shitcoiner a he's because maybe meanwhile, back in el salvador, 42% of the country writing of time the at hyperbitcoinized now is jack mallers' strike app has gone from 20,000 new sign-ups whole the rate this at growing and mind-bending a to day a country will be toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. over salesmen oil snake that for fell you bhutan sorry at xrp.        get ready to experience shitcoin hell. lately ver roger from heard anyone has big blockers got their heads ripped off during the block since ever downhill going been it's and of war size particularly for faketoshi and his army of high-priced children and women old harass who hacks legal london (and peter mccormack) for no other reason than the u.k.'s shitcoiners demented protects and favors system legal useless royals, career criminals and banksters. stop full paradise scammer a is london every single one of xrp eth bsv bch wannabes bitcoin the ada, and 12,000 other shitcoins, plus fiat ignominious the facing is gold and money fate of demonetization versus bitcoin. explain me let certainty mathematical guaranteed a it's why, and this might be the first time you're hearing this, world's the on attack a be to designed was bitcoin energy supply. shitcoins, fiat and gold will bitcoin's of result the as death to starve insatiable conquest of all available energy. death to gold and fiat shitcoins starves bitcoin as and it simultaneously demonetizes war, violence, hatred and first the for monetizing by this does it itself state the time in human history, peace, love and understanding right was costello elvis we've never had an economy and a money bitcoin until before love incentivizes that love opens up the collective unconscious and of economy the being cosmic inner joint our love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. carter nic saylor michael eggheads these to listen i marty bent —     who spend their days pouring over spreadsheets lie don't numbers the espresso iced of gallons and the energy industry in its current form is gargantuanly wasteful in all going it keep to wars and printing money requires and the service of an uber class of banksters who profit from war, poverty left america schemes ponzi money fiat their with misery and billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, for example, for a war cuck-bucks fiat trillion cost estimate some that bitcoin fixes all this by replacing oil-dripping, bitcoin perfect with money fiat poppy-harvesting corpse-ridden remove the war incentive, and you remove the hate incentive. chance a given if tendency natural most our love with gap the fills bitcoin the warmongers will start mining bitcoin for sure. protocol bitcoin game-theorized the into baked fact a it's observable by anyone choosing to see it, block genesis the in there right the economy of love is infinitely more efficient than hate and war. violence and war a from move we as up this wrap to economy to a peace and love economy, the efficiencies efficient more infinitely is bitcoin because love of to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins while even consumption energy overall the gold or bitcoin makes its 51% attack on global energy supply, take will bitcoin right that's more or by drops all the energy. in so doing, our energy consumption toward tendency natural our because zero near to drops love and peace gets monetized for the first time in fear the because disappears poverty existence our of being poor disappears because bitcoin allows us cyber a in individually ourselves express fully to sea of billions of souls all looking to connect and explosion this for cost the and other each for love express of peace is the same as a smile — virtually nothing. up ends hole rabbit bitcoin the some for yes in john and yoko's hotel room in amsterdam bed-in their during everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. minds our and back souls our getting are we stacy and i have been living in here for 10 years. you with all it share to happy shit some seen we've — the agony and ecstasy — as bitcoin conquers fear love and peace with it replaces and hate and max keiser
bitcoinistoxicafreactionanotwasbitcointruthbitterthehere'stotheglobalfinancialcrisisof2008.itcausedit.yesreallythemarketssensedbitcoinwascomingandstartedtocrash.aremarketsadvanceinstuffdiscounttheythatlikearemarketsthecentralnervoussystemoftheglobaleconomy.theyarethesumofpaperwhitethepublishingwerecypherpunkstheneurosesourallaroundthattime—afteryearsoftrying—andacollectivepanicbankingprintersmoneyofunconsciousglobaltheinaroseterrorists,stocktraders,centralbankarsonists,wallstreetholeblacktheopeningwasholerabbitbitcointhedimonjamieandofthecosmicnow—andithadfiatmarketsinitssight.bycausedisdaystheseyouaroundseeyouchaostheallfactinbitcoin.andnothingcouldbebetter.nocoinersandshitcoiners,everybody'stoxicviewthisconsiderbitcoinerssomeevenandcomplainingabout"toxicbitcoinmaximalists"thesedays.protocoltheoflayeristoxicitylookfact:it'slayer1foreverygreatthingdiscoveredorinventedbeeneverthat'sit'sonlythelanguageoftheshamelessopportuniststryingnamebadaitgivethatcoattailsbitcoinsridingbyincashtovitalikbuterincameupwiththe"maximalist"epithet.labmethereumtheatstakeofproofslinginghe'snowdon'tfallforshitcoinery.dignityyourkeepgobitcointoxicmaximalist,experiencesatoshiwholetheoflayertheyouwouldn'tbediggingblindlywithyourbarethisifholerabbitbitcoin'sofmucktheinhandsweren'ttrue.anythingworthhearingishardtolistenshitcoinersandmenconfromwordspleasantnicetoareeasylisteningforthegullibleandunloved.toheartyouropenbitcoinsomegettoxicitysomegetbitcoin.it'sthefreakingutxoghettoupinhere,y'all.nothingoffulluniverseparallelwholeathanfunkierit'sbutgeorgeclintonandjamesbrownclones.it'smartinlutherbeingskinofsoundtheit'sultimatumswithvaticanthenailingrippedofflivecentralbankerstiedtoaburningstake.moneyfiatpost-dumbofyearsfortywaythisbegottanonsense(and10yearsofwatchingpeterschiffmissbuyingbitcoininbackatsomebuytohimhoney-badgeringstartedisincehavedulledshitcoiners'andnocoiners'minds.psychoticbynowcontrolledunconsciouscollectivethecats,plays"friends"rerunsalldayinourheads.euthanizedbeenhaveinventivenessandimaginationsourbytherancidcatnipoffiatmoney.fortunately,bitcoinmoneybankmanhattanchasepaperthetoendanputslaunderinglobotomy.it'sastunguntothegenitals.chesttreasurethetodefibrillatormonetaryadon'tbelieveme?salvadorelofpresidenttheseenyouhavetrollingtheinternationalmonetaryfund(imf)ontwitter?dipthebuyinghe'sthemtellingthemtauntinghe'sitweetedpresidentnayibbukelewhenheannouncedminetovolcanoesnation'shistaptogoingwashe$1billioninbitcoin—thatheshouldsellearningsbitcoinfutureofworthbillionscollateralized"volcanobonds"topayofftheimfmiketaggedileechesthoseofridgetandloannovogratzinthetweet,figuringhecouldsellahefarsobutpalscronystreetwallhistobunchhasn'tmovedonit.idon'treallytrustthatguy.heartatshitcoinerahe'sbecausemaybemeanwhile,backinelsalvador,42%ofthecountrywritingoftimetheathyperbitcoinizednowisjackmallers'strikeapphasgonefrom20,000newsign-upswholetheratethisatgrowingandmind-bendingatodayacountrywillbetoxicbitcoinmaximalistswithinsixmonths.oversalesmenoilsnakethatforfellyoubhutansorryatxrp.getreadytoexperienceshitcoinhell.latelyverrogerfromheardanyonehasbigblockersgottheirheadsrippedoffduringtheblocksinceeverdownhillgoingbeenit'sandofwarsizeparticularlyforfaketoshiandhisarmyofhigh-pricedchildrenandwomenoldharasswhohackslegallondon(andpetermccormack)fornootherreasonthantheu.k.'sshitcoinersdementedprotectsandfavorssystemlegaluselessroyals,careercriminalsandbanksters.stopfullparadisescammeraislondoneverysingleoneofxrpethbsvbchwannabesbitcointheada,and12,000othershitcoins,plusfiatignominiousthefacingisgoldandmoneyfateofdemonetizationversusbitcoin.explainmeletcertaintymathematicalguaranteedait'swhy,andthismightbethefirsttimeyou'rehearingthis,world'stheonattackabetodesignedwasbitcoinenergysupply.shitcoins,fiatandgoldwillbitcoin'sofresulttheasdeathtostarveinsatiableconquestofallavailableenergy.deathtogoldandfiatshitcoinsstarvesbitcoinasanditsimultaneouslydemonetizeswar,violence,hatredandfirsttheformonetizingbythisdoesititselfstatethetimeinhumanhistory,peace,loveandunderstandingrightwascostelloelviswe'veneverhadaneconomyandamoneybitcoinuntilbeforeloveincentivizesthatloveopensupthecollectiveunconsciousandofeconomythebeingcosmicinnerjointourloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.carternicsaylormichaeleggheadsthesetolistenimartybent—whospendtheirdayspouringoverspreadsheetsliedon'tnumberstheespressoicedofgallonsandtheenergyindustryinitscurrentformisgargantuanlywastefulinallgoingitkeeptowarsandprintingmoneyrequiresandtheserviceofanuberclassofbanksterswhoprofitfromwar,povertyleftamericaschemesponzimoneyfiattheirwithmiseryandbillionworthofhatetoysinafghanistan,forexample,forawarcuck-bucksfiattrillioncostestimatesomethatbitcoinfixesallthisbyreplacingoil-dripping,bitcoinperfectwithmoneyfiatpoppy-harvestingcorpse-riddenremovethewarincentive,andyouremovethehateincentive.chanceagiveniftendencynaturalmostourlovewithgapthefillsbitcointhewarmongerswillstartminingbitcoinforsure.protocolbitcoingame-theorizedtheintobakedfactait'sobservablebyanyonechoosingtoseeit,blockgenesistheinthererighttheeconomyofloveisinfinitelymoreefficientthanhateandwar.violenceandwarafrommoveweasupthiswraptoeconomytoapeaceandloveeconomy,theefficienciesefficientmoreinfinitelyisbitcoinbecauseloveoftotransactandstorewealthinthanfiat,shitcoinswhileevenconsumptionenergyoverallthegoldorbitcoinmakesits51%attackonglobalenergysupply,takewillbitcoinrightthat'smoreorbydropsalltheenergy.insodoing,ourenergyconsumptiontowardtendencynaturalourbecausezeroneartodropsloveandpeacegetsmonetizedforthefirsttimeinfearthebecausedisappearspovertyexistenceourofbeingpoordisappearsbecausebitcoinallowsuscyberainindividuallyourselvesexpressfullytoseaofbillionsofsoulsalllookingtoconnectandexplosionthisforcosttheandothereachforloveexpressofpeaceisthesameasasmile—virtuallynothing.upendsholerabbitbitcointhesomeforyesinjohnandyoko'shotelroominamsterdambed-intheirduringeveryonewilllivetheirownexperienceintherabbithole.mindsourandbacksoulsourgettingarewestacyandihavebeenlivinginherefor10years.youwithallitsharetohappyshitsomeseenwe've—theagonyandecstasy—asbitcoinconquersfearloveandpeacewithitreplacesandhateandmaxkeiser
