They are the sum of all our neuroses
they are the sum of all our neuroses
money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders, central bank arsonists
money printers banking terrorists stock traders central bank arsonists
Layer 1
layer 1
Fact:
fact:
Fact
fact
It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered.
it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered.
It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered
it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered
Its Layer 1 for every great thing thats ever been invented or discovered
its layer 1 for every great thing thats ever been invented or discovered
Maximalist
maximalist
Don't fall for shitcoinery.
don't fall for shitcoinery.
Don't fall for shitcoinery
don't fall for shitcoinery
Dont fall for shitcoinery
dont fall for shitcoinery
Keep your dignity.
keep your dignity.
Keep your dignity
keep your dignity
You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true.
you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true.
You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true
you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true
You wouldnt be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoins rabbit hole if this werent true
you wouldnt be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoins rabbit hole if this werent true
Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin,
get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin,
Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin
get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin
Get some toxicity Get some bitcoin Open your heart to Bitcoin
get some toxicity get some bitcoin open your heart to bitcoin
UTXO ghetto up in here,
utxo ghetto up in here,
UTXO ghetto up in here
utxo ghetto up in here
ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake
Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense
gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense
Gotta be this way Forty years of dumb post1971 fiat money nonsense
gotta be this way forty years of dumb post1971 fiat money nonsense
by the rancid catnip of fiat money.
by the rancid catnip of fiat money
it's a stun gun to the genitals.
it's a stun gun to the genitals
its a stun gun to the genitals
buying the dip.
buying the dip
$1 billion
1 billion
Volcano Bonds
volcano bonds
Mike Novogratz
mike novogratz
shitcoiner at heart.
shitcoiner at heart
hyperbitcoinized
Toxic bitcoin Maximalists within six months.
toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months.
Toxic bitcoin Maximalists within six months
toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months
(Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP.
(sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp.
Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP
sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp
Sorry Bhutan you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP
sorry bhutan you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp
Get ready to experience shitcoin hell.
get ready to experience shitcoin hell.
Get ready to experience shitcoin hell
get ready to experience shitcoin hell
Saketoshi
saketoshi
harass old women and children
shitcoiners, useless Royals,
shitcoiners, useless royals,
shitcoiners, useless Royals
shitcoiners, useless royals
shitcoiners useless Royals
shitcoiners useless royals
Full Stop.
full stop.
Full Stop
full stop
51%
51
fix this by monetizing,
fix this by monetizing
The numbers don't lie.
the numbers don't lie.
The numbers don't lie
the numbers don't lie
The numbers dont lie
the numbers dont lie
gargantuanly wasteful
money printing
wars to keep it going
America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan,
america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan,
America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan
america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan
America left 85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan
america left 85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan
$2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks.
$2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks
2 trillion fiat cuckbucks
the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol,
the game-theorized bitcoin protocol,
the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol
the game-theorized bitcoin protocol
the gametheorized Bitcoin protocol
the gametheorized bitcoin protocol
war and violence economy
infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold
infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat shitcoins or gold
That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy
that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy
Thats right Bitcoin will take all the energy
thats right bitcoin will take all the energy
Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds.
everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds.
Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds
everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds
Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole We are getting our souls back and our minds
everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole we are getting our souls back and our minds
OVERDOSE
overdose
Overdose
$OVERDOSE
$overdose
OVERDOSE with Max Keiser
overdose with max keiser
OVERDOSE WITH MAX KEISER
Overdose with Max Keiser
BITCOIN IS TOXIC AF
bitcoin is toxic af
Bitcoin is toxic AF
Max Keiser
max keiser
MAX KEISER
MAXIMALIST
Toxic Maximalist
toxic maximalist
TOXIC MAXIMALIST
Toxic Bitcoin Maximalist
toxic bitcoin maximalist
TOXIC BITCOIN MAXIMALIST
Stacy Herbert
stacy herbert
STACY HERBERT
Nayib Bukele
nayib bukele
NAYIB BUKELE
President Nayib Bukele
president nayib bukele
PRESIDENT NAYIB BUKELE
El Salvador
el salvador
EL SALVADOR
VOLCANO BONDS
LAYER 1
Layer 1 for every great thing
layer 1 for every great thing
LAYER 1 FOR EVERY GREAT THING
Fact: It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered.
fact: it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered.
FACT: IT'S LAYER 1 FOR EVERY GREAT THING THAT'S EVER BEEN INVENTED OR DISCOVERED.
stack sats
STACK SATS
Stack sats
hyperbitcoinization
HYPERBITCOINIZATION
HYPERBITCOINIZED
fix the money fix the world
FIX THE MONEY FIX THE WORLD
Fix the money fix the world
Buy bitcoin
buy bitcoin
BUY BITCOIN
Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin.
get some toxicity. get some bitcoin.
GET SOME TOXICITY. GET SOME BITCOIN.
Open your heart to Bitcoin
open your heart to bitcoin
OPEN YOUR HEART TO BITCOIN
Bitcoin fixes this
bitcoin fixes this
BITCOIN FIXES THIS
Bitcoin fixes everything
bitcoin fixes everything
BITCOIN FIXES EVERYTHING
we are all satoshi
WE ARE ALL SATOSHI
We Are All Satoshi
I AM SATOSHI
i am satoshi
Satoshi Nakamoto
satoshi nakamoto
SATOSHI NAKAMOTO
rabbit hole
RABBIT HOLE
the rabbit hole
THE RABBIT HOLE
Bitcoin rabbit hole
bitcoin rabbit hole
BITCOIN RABBIT HOLE
Bitcoin's rabbit hole
bitcoin's rabbit hole
BITCOIN'S RABBIT HOLE
John and Yoko
john and yoko
JOHN AND YOKO
Bed-in for Bitcoin
bed-in for bitcoin
BED-IN FOR BITCOIN
DON'T FALL FOR SHITCOINERY
KEEP YOUR DIGNITY
Buying the dip
BUYING THE DIP
shitcoiner
SHITCOINER
Shitcoiner
FUCK ALL
fuck all
Fuck All
shit
SHIT
FULL STOP.
FULL STOP
20 BTC
20 btc
20 bitcoin
20 BITCOIN
Mr. President
mr. president
MR. PRESIDENT
Mr President
mr president
MR PRESIDENT
Bitcoin Magazine
bitcoin magazine
BITCOIN MAGAZINE
BTC Magazine
btc magazine
BTC MAGAZINE
El Zonte
el zonte
EL ZONTE
Bitcoin Beach
bitcoin beach
BITCOIN BEACH
Hyperbitcoinization
love and peace
LOVE AND PEACE
Peace and love
peace and love
PEACE AND LOVE
war and violence
WAR AND VIOLENCE
Roger Ver
roger ver
ROGER VER
SAKETOSHI
$1 BILLION
21 million
21 MILLION
21000000
Genesis Block
genesis block
GENESIS BLOCK
Genesis block
They are the sum of all our neuroses money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders, central bank arsonists Layer 1 Fact: It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. Maximalist Don't fall for shitcoinery. Keep your dignity. Layer 1 You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true.
they are the sum of all our neuroses money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders, central bank arsonists layer 1 fact: it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. maximalist don't fall for shitcoinery. keep your dignity. layer 1 you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true.
Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin, UTXO ghetto up in here, ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense by the rancid catnip of fiat money. it's a stun gun to the genitals. buying the dip. $1 billion Volcano Bonds Mike Novogratz shitcoiner at heart.
get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin, utxo ghetto up in here, ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense by the rancid catnip of fiat money. it's a stun gun to the genitals. buying the dip. $1 billion volcano bonds mike novogratz shitcoiner at heart.
hyperbitcoinized Toxic bitcoin Maximalists within six months. (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP. Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. Saketoshi harass old women and children shitcoiners, useless Royals, Full Stop. 51% fix this by monetizing,
hyperbitcoinized toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp. get ready to experience shitcoin hell. saketoshi harass old women and children shitcoiners, useless royals, full stop. 51% fix this by monetizing,
The numbers don't lie. gargantuanly wasteful money printing wars to keep it going America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol,
the numbers don't lie. gargantuanly wasteful money printing wars to keep it going america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. the game-theorized bitcoin protocol,
war and violence economy infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds.
war and violence economy infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds.
They are the sum of all our neuroses money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders, central bank arsonists Layer 1 Fact: It's Layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. Maximalist Don't fall for shitcoinery. Keep your dignity. Layer 1 You wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of Bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. Get some toxicity. Get some bitcoin. Open your heart to Bitcoin, UTXO ghetto up in here, ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake Gotta be this way. Forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense by the rancid catnip of fiat money. it's a stun gun to the genitals. buying the dip. $1 billion Volcano Bonds Mike Novogratz shitcoiner at heart. hyperbitcoinized Toxic bitcoin Maximalists within six months. (Sorry Bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at XRP. Get ready to experience shitcoin hell. Saketoshi harass old women and children shitcoiners, useless Royals, Full Stop. 51% fix this by monetizing, The numbers don't lie. gargantuanly wasteful money printing wars to keep it going America left $85 BILLION worth of hate toys in Afghanistan, $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. the game-theorized Bitcoin protocol, war and violence economy infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold That's right, Bitcoin will take all the energy Everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. We are getting our souls back and our minds.
they are the sum of all our neuroses money printers, banking terrorists, stock traders, central bank arsonists layer 1 fact: it's layer 1 for every great thing that's ever been invented or discovered. maximalist don't fall for shitcoinery. keep your dignity. layer 1 you wouldn't be digging blindly with your bare hands in the muck of bitcoin's rabbit hole if this weren't true. get some toxicity. get some bitcoin. open your heart to bitcoin, utxo ghetto up in here, ripped off live central bankers tied to a burning stake gotta be this way. forty years of dumb post-1971 fiat money nonsense by the rancid catnip of fiat money. it's a stun gun to the genitals. buying the dip. $1 billion volcano bonds mike novogratz shitcoiner at heart. hyperbitcoinized toxic bitcoin maximalists within six months. (sorry bhutan, you fell for that snake oil salesmen over at xrp. get ready to experience shitcoin hell. saketoshi harass old women and children shitcoiners, useless royals, full stop. 51% fix this by monetizing, the numbers don't lie. gargantuanly wasteful money printing wars to keep it going america left $85 billion worth of hate toys in afghanistan, $2 trillion fiat cuck-bucks. the game-theorized bitcoin protocol, war and violence economy infinitely more efficient to transact and store wealth in than fiat, shitcoins or gold that's right, bitcoin will take all the energy everyone will live their own experience in the rabbit hole. we are getting our souls back and our minds.
TmLFIMDKLY
tmlfimdkly
TMLFIMDKLY
They money Layer Fact It's Maximalist Don't Keep Layer You
they money layer fact it's maximalist don't keep layer you
GUrGbib$VMs
gurgbib$vms
GURGBIB$VMS
Get UTXO ripped Gotta by it's buying $1 Volcano Mike shitcoiner
get utxo ripped gotta by it's buying $1 volcano mike shitcoiner
hTSGShsF5f
htsgshsf5f
HTSGSHSF5F
hyperbitcoinized Toxic  Get Saketoshi harass shitcoiners Full 51% fix
hyperbitcoinized toxic  get saketoshi harass shitcoiners full 51% fix
TgmwA$t
tgmwa$t
TGMWA$T
The gargantuanly money wars America $2 the
the gargantuanly money wars america $2 the
wiTE
wite
WITE
war infinitely That's Everyone
war infinitely that's everyone
TmLFIMDKLYGUrGbib$VMshTSGShsF5fTgmwA$twiTE
tmlfimdklygurgbib$vmshtsgshsf5ftgmwa$twite
TMLFIMDKLYGURGBIB$VMSHTSGSHSF5FTGMWA$TWITE
They money Layer Fact It's Maximalist Don't Keep Layer You Get UTXO ripped Gotta by it's buying $1 Volcano Mike shitcoiner hyperbitcoinized Toxic  Get Saketoshi harass shitcoiners Full 51% fix The gargantuanly money wars America $2 the war infinitely That's Everyone
they money layer fact it's maximalist don't keep layer you get utxo ripped gotta by it's buying $1 volcano mike shitcoiner hyperbitcoinized toxic  get saketoshi harass shitcoiners full 51% fix the gargantuanly money wars america $2 the war infinitely that's everyone
Tatsoaon
tatsoaon
TATSOAON
mpbtstcba
MPBTSTCBA
L1
l1
F
f
IL1fegttebiod
il1fegttebiod
IL1FEGTTEBIOD
M
m
Dffs
dffs
DFFS
Kyd
kyd
KYD
YwbdbwybhitmoBrhitwt
ywbdbwybhitmobrhitwt
YWBDBWYBHITMOBRHITWT
GstGsbOyhtB
gstgsboyhtb
GSTGSBOYHTB
Uguih
uguih
UGUIH
rolcbttabs
ROLCBTTABS
GbtwFyodp1fmn
gbtwfyodp1fmn
GBTWFYODP1FMN
btrcofm
BTRCOFM
iasgttg
IASGTTG
btd
BTD
$b
$B
VB
vb
MN
mn
sah
SAH
h
H
TbMwsm
tbmwsm
TBMWSM
SByfftsosoaX
sbyfftsosoax
SBYFFTSOSOAX
Grtesh
grtesh
GRTESH
S
s
howac
HOWAC
suR
sur
SUR
FS
fs
5
ftbm
FTBM
Tndl
tndl
TNDL
gw
GW
mp
MP
wtkig
WTKIG
Al$BwohtiA
al$bwohtia
AL$BWOHTIA
$tfcb
$TFCB
tgtBp
tgtbp
TGTBP
wave
WAVE
imettaswitfsog
IMETTASWITFSOG
TrBwtate
trbwtate
TRBWTATE
EwltoeitrhWagosbaom
ewltoeitrhwagosbaom
EWLTOEITRHWAGOSBAOM
5 4
4 5
54
45
6 4
64
46
9
11
20
5+4=9
BTC20
20BTC
Max Keiser signed
max keiser signed
MAX KEISER 20 BTC
max keiser 20 btc
Max Keiser Overdose
max keiser overdose
OVERDOSE Max Keiser
overdose max keiser
Max Keiser Bitcoin Magazine
max keiser bitcoin magazine
