REVIEW
Mirror writing: neurological reflections on an unusual
phenomenon
G D Schott
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry 2007;78:5–13. doi: 10.1136/jnnp.2006.094870
Mirror writing is an unusual script, in which the writing runs in
the opposite direction to normal, with individual letters
reversed, so that it is most easily read using a mirror. This
writing is seen in healthy individuals; it is also associated with
various focal lesions that most commonly involve the left
hemisphere, as well as with certain diffuse cerebral disorders.
Mirror writing is nearly always undertaken with the left hand,
and left-handers, and those whose languages are written
leftwards, have an unusual facility for this writing. Concerning
possible underlying processes, the implications of using the left
hand when writing are considered first. Motor pathways that
may be important, the surrogate model of bimanual mirror
movements and the contribution of the corpus callosum are then
discussed. The reasons why left-handed writing is mirrored, and
the factors that tend to inhibit mirroring, are outlined. After
commenting on mirrored motor and visual engrams, the
possibility that the right hemisphere may play an important part
is entertained, and Leonardo da Vinci’s unique, habitual mirror
writing proves to be of unexpected relevance. Further
investigations, ranging from epidemiological to functional
imaging studies, may provide valuable insights into mirror
writing.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Correspondence to:
National Hospital for
Neurology and
Neurosurgery, Queen
Square, London WC1N
3BG, UK;
geoffrey.schott@uclh.nhs.uk
Received 4 April 2006
Revised 18 June 2006
Accepted 27 August 2006
Published Online
First August
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I gave an account of an epileptic girl who used
to write with the left hand, in reverse order, and
with the forms of the letters reversed as well—
and [she wrote] fluently, too—in such a way
that what she wrote could only be read when
placed before a mirror …. But a few years ago
… I observed a centurion who, having lost his
right arm in action, wrote all his letters with the
left hand, with order and form similarly
reversed, with the highest degree of fluency
… one who wished to read his writing had to
hold it to a mirror.1
Three hundred years ago, Lentilius described the
first known cases of pathologically acquired mirror
writing, but mirror writing had been observed a
long
time
earlier.
For
example,
in
1568,
in
describing the reversed letters of Leonardo da
Vinci’s script, Vasari2 reported ‘‘whoever is not
practiced in reading them cannot understand
them, since they are not to be read save with a
mirror’’. This review considers mirror writing from
the neurological perspective. Firstly, the various
circumstances in which mirror writing occurs are
surveyed, then possible underlying processes are
considered and finally it is proposed that mirror
writing is a topic that warrants further study, and
some suggestions for such studies are outlined.
THE PHENOMENON OF MIRROR WRITING
The nature of mirror writing
The term ‘‘mirror writing’’ (Spiegelschrift) was
introduced by Buchwald3 to describe ‘‘that variety
of script which runs in an opposite direction to the
normal,
the
individual
letters
being
also
reversed’’.4 Mirror writing is unusual as it is
sometimes executed by entirely normal people,
and at other times is only seen in the wake of a
variety of neurological disorders.4 5 Sometimes
mirror writing is undertaken deliberately and at
other times inadvertently; sometimes the writer
notices the mirrored form, yet at other times it
escapes attention. Mirroring can variously affect
spontaneous,
copied
and
dictated
writing.
Particularly when produced spontaneously, mirror
writing is a highly heterogeneous phenomenon:
the mirroring may range from as small an item as a
single reversed letter, through numerous reversed
letters but not words, to thousands of pages of
mirrored script; the place in the word in which a
mirror letter occurs is variable, and numerals may
or may not be reversed too. This heterogeneity
raises the issue of whether mirror writing com-
prises a single entity. Thus, reversing a single letter
in an otherwise normal script, whether by healthy
people or by those with disease, may be a different
phenomenon compared with more extensive mir-
roring, and although mirror writing in general is
considered here, emphasis is placed on the more
marked and pervasive forms of this writing.
Usually, the line of mirror writing flows from
right to left, but sometimes—as in Chinese script—
normal leftwards hieroglyphs can be reversed, but
not the rightwards ordering of the vertically
written lines,6 and mixtures of orientations of
letters, words and lines of writing may be seen.
Other unusual reports of mirror writing include
mirror writing in concordant identical twins and in
three generations of people7; familial, upside-down
mirror writing8; inverted mirror writing4; and
acquired mirror writing with either hand.9
The prevalence of mirror writing has recently
been investigated using a newspaper survey, and
the anecdotal report indicating a surprisingly high
prevalence of 1 in 6500 Australians suggests that
further epidemiological studies are warranted.7
Very occasionally mirror writing is accompanied
by mirror reading. Although consistent mirror
reading is exceptionally uncommon,10 rare cases
5
www.jnnp.com

of mirror reading (ie, reading of mirrored letters) and reversed
reading (ie, reading letters or words backwards) have been
reported11—either of normally written letters, or mirror-written
letters or both. Such associated mirror reading may be
congenital or acquired, and when acquired there is often a
variety
of
other
visuospatial
disturbances
and
left–right
confusion.12 13
When does mirror writing occur?
Mirror writing is seen in normal and pathological circum-
stances. Developing Critchley’s classification,5 tables l and 2
summarise the various occasions when mirror writing typically
occurs.
Mirror writing in healthy people
Table 1 summarises the occasions when mirror writing occurs
in healthy people.
Normal children often go through a stage of mirroring of at
least certain letters, especially reversible letters such as b and d,
during the scribbling period and early stages of learning to
write,10 mainly between the ages of 3 and 7 years.14 The child
often does not appreciate the mirror form of writing because he
or she cannot read it. Eighty years ago in English elementary
schools, about 0.48% of children mirror wrote when they used
their left hand.15 Beeley’s16 report during the same period that
only 0.04% of American elementary school children mirror
wrote is likely to be an underestimate, as it was based solely on
teachers noting children who were seen to mirror write.
Although it is unclear whether these early observations remain
valid today, when educational approaches and social circum-
stances have changed so much, even recently, left-handed
children were sometimes forced to use their right hand for
writing.17 18
With more or less effort, normal adults are able to produce
some mirror writing at will, including when asked to do so in
experimental conditions. Mirror writing can be produced for
fun, when writing with both hands simultaneously, or when
writing on one’s own forehead or the under-surface of a board.5
Certain writers, notably Lewis Carroll, have produced mirror
writing for entertainment.19 Rarely, mirror writing is said to
occur
under
ill-defined
conditions
of
transiently
altered
cerebral function, such as hypnosis and anaesthesia20; spiritu-
alist mediums are said to be able to mirror write during
trances—an anecdotal observation that may relate to the
similarly anecdotal report that mediums tend to be left
handed.21
Mirror writing can be learnt for occupational purposes. In the
past, mirror writing was seen in several occupations such as
telegraphy.
Particularly
etchers
and
lithographers,
most
famously William Blake,22 acquire the skill of mirror writing
so that the inscribed plate when printed results in normal
script.
Otherwise normal right-handed adults can show transient
mirror writing when, from necessity, they write with their
unaccustomed hand. This may occur when the usual hand
cannot be used as a result of some peripheral injury, and left-
handed mirror writing, often for a few letters, sometimes
emerges for a brief transitional period.23
The ability to mirror write is probably more common than
generally realised, as perhaps many potential mirror writers—
who are generally left handed—suppress their sinistrality and
mirror writing.24 Suppression has often been instigated by
others,17 25 particularly in the past when sinistrality was
considered perverse and often pathological. However, writers
themselves have often suppressed their own left-handed
mirror-writing tendency. This has been partly because mirror
writing was considered peculiar, and partly because it is
obviously difficult for others to read. The facility for mirror
writing may remain latent, however, as revealed in the mirror-
written letter produced just 4 days after the individual realised
that she could mirror write (fig 1).17 Normal people,24 26 as well
as some patients with acquired mirror writing,27 28 have
sometimes commented on the surprising ease with which they
can mirror write, and these people are usually originally
ambidextrous or left handed.
Habitual mirror writers are exceptionally rare, and perhaps
the only recognised example is Leonardo da Vinci, whose mirror
writing is discussed later.
Mirror writing in pathological conditions
The range of pathological conditions associated with mirror
writing in children and adults shows that neither a specific
location nor a particular aetiology underlies the phenomenon
(table 2).
Mirror writing in children with ‘‘mental retardation’’,
learning disabilities or dyslexia
Over a century ago it was observed that ‘‘imbeciles’’ and
children with learning disabilities often mirror wrote, and
many of these children were left handed.25 29 30 Compared with
the 0.48% of normal elementary school children who mirror
wrote, the frequency was 8% among children with learning
disabilities; among the children with learning disabilities, 30%
of left-handed children mirror wrote, compared with about 2%
of the right-handed children.15 There is a paucity of clinical
details of the conditions experienced by these children. For
instance, the extent and nature of mental impairment were
often not characterised other than by terms such as ‘‘very ‘low
grade’ feeble minded’’,15 and it is difficult to evaluate those
early reports now.
Later, it was observed that certain children with selective
difficulties
in
reading
often
had
commensurate
writing
difficulties; again, mirror writing and left handedness were
common,31–33 but many of these children with developmental
Table 1
The occurrence of mirror writing in healthy people
Children
when learning to write
Adults
writing for curiosity, for fun or experimentally
during transiently altered cerebral function—eg, hypnosis or anaesthesia
after peripheral damage to the preferred right hand
habitually, probably only by Leonardo da Vinci
learnt for occupational purposes by telegraphers, etchers, lithographers,
etc
undertaken in classical times
in reversed writing before transfer to paper
inscriptions on monuments and artefacts
as a component of boustrophedon script*
*Script written in boustrophedon (Greek ‘‘as the ox turns’’) comprises
alternate lines written rightwards and leftwards, mirrored.
Table 2
The occurrence of pathological mirror writing
In children with ‘‘mental retardation’’, learning difficulties or dyslexia
In focal brain disease
usually involving the left hemisphere (eg, stroke, focal trauma and
abscess)
extremely rarely in lesions of the right hemisphere
In diffuse brain disease
head injury
degenerative brain disease (essential tremor, Parkinson’s disease and
spinocerebellar degeneration)
rarely in adults with learning disabilities
elderly people and people with dementia
6
Schott
www.jnnp.com

dyslexia (which had previously been termed congenital word
blindness) had normal or indeed superior abilities in other
cognitive domains. However, whether people with dyslexia
have an increased mirror-writing tendency remains controver-
sial, and has been both confirmed34 and refuted.35–37
Mirror writing in adults with focal brain disease
In 1878, Buchwald3 described three patients with hemiplegia
who, when writing with their left hand, did so in mirror form.
A few years later, a series of patients who mirror wrote after
stroke was reported,38 and subsequently further cases have been
reported. Unfortunately, however, in most instances, the
clinical details, investigations and neuropsychological data are
scanty or non-existent.
The most frequent circumstance in which acquired mirror
writing occurs in adults is after stroke affecting various
peripheral and deep locations in the left hemisphere.28 39–43
Adequate studies are lacking and it is unclear how often such
patients mirror write, but the phenomenon has been thought to
be uncommon: in a brief report of 50 patients with hemiplegia,
only one was found to mirror write, and that right-handed
patient with right-sided hemiplegia had dyslexia.44 One of the
largest series of acquired mirror writing carried out with the left
hand comprised 13 right-handed patients with left-sided
cerebral lesions who had undergone neurosurgery: 4 with
penetrating head injury, 3 with cerebral abscess and 6 with an
intracranial haematoma.45 Cases after surgery for a left parietal
tumour have also been described.46 47
The mirror writing associated with a precipitating neurological
event such as stroke is usually transient, lasting a few days or
weeks, and is often fragmentary and confined to a few letters,
words or sentences. Sometimes there is dysphasia, dysarthria,
and directional and spatial confusion,13 or other accompanying
features reflecting the associated deficits, and a case of left-sided
alien hand phenomenon associated with ispsilateral, left-handed
mirror writing has also been described.48
An unusual case of mirror writing has been reported in
which a right-handed Chinese patient produced sponta-
neous mirror writing with the left hand, following a left basal
ganglia haematoma with resultant right hemiplegia and
aphasia.6 Ten months later the CT [computed tomography]
scan showed low density at the site of the previous
haematoma, and the patient showed a severe dysarthria,
and occasional reversal of spoken digits during spontaneous
speech and after repetition. When writing with his left hand,
he spontaneously mirror wrote, reversing the Chinese
characters but not the normal right-to-left ordering of the
vertical lines of writing. There was then a phase of a
combination of conventional and occasional mirrored words
when writing with the left hand, but after two years, when the
right arm remained paretic and left-handed writing was still
being undertaken, he no longer mirror wrote nor reversed
the order of spoken digits. Figure 2 illustrates the evolution of
this mirror writing.
It is evident that the location of these left-sided lesions
associated with mirror writing is extremely variable, and have
variously
included
deep
and
superficial
structures—for
instance, the basal ganglia6 together with posterior temporal
region11; multiple areas in the parietal cortex39; temporal,
temporoparietal, and frontotemporoparietal cortex45; occipito-
parietal cortex, the striatum and internal capsule43; and
thalamus.28 Thus, although interruption of motor pathways or
other networks may be relevant, any specific focal lesion in the
left hemisphere is probably not directly responsible for mirror
writing.
Mirror writing after bifrontal vascular damage has been
described,49 and at least two cases associated with a right
hemisphere lesion have been reported:
Chan and Ross described a right-handed Chinese man who
normally wrote in Mandarin Chinese and who developed a
left hemiplegia complicated by other features including lack
of spontaneous speech and incontinence.50 A CT scan
showed an infarct affecting the right anterior cingulate
gyrus, anterior supplementary motor area, and posterior
medial prefrontal cortex, with minimal involvement of the
corpus callosum. Two weeks after the stroke, he had
Figure 1
A letter written 4 days after the author discovered her ability to
write mirror script with her left hand. Reprinted with permission from
Smetacek.
17
A
B
C
D
Figure 2
Mirror writing with the left hand by the right-handed Chinese
patient who sustained a left basal ganglia haematoma. The Chinese script
normally runs vertically and right to left, with individual characters written
from left to right. (A) Normal script (in translation ‘‘Veterans General
Hospital Taichung Neurology Section Lee San’’); (B) mirror writing, at onset
of illness; (C) normal script intermixed with few mirror-written words
(indicated by *), 10 months after onset of illness; (D) normal script, 2 years
after onset of illness. Reproduced from Chia and Kinsbourne.
6
Mirror writing
7
www.jnnp.com

impairment of bimanual tasks that required non-mirror
movements and, whilst his writing with his right hand was
normal, when writing with his left hand he did so in mirror
fashion from right to left, and both characters and Arabic
numerals were mirrored. When reassessed 8 months later,
all these mirror phenomena had resolved.
A further case of a right-handed Japanese patient who mirror
wrote with his left hand after a right middle cerebral artery
territory infarct has also been described.28 The mirror writing of
this patient (case 28) was exceptionally well formed, and the
patient believed he had always had a facility for mirror writing,
raising the possibility that he may originally have been left
handed.
Mirror writing in adults with diffuse brain disease
Mirror writing very rarely follows head injury, and can be
transient51 or persistent.9
Perhaps the most remarkable case is the patient reported by
Streifler and Hofman.52 These authors described a woman
who had sustained an ‘apparently slight brain concussion’ as
a result of a road traffic accident. She was right handed, but
there was evidence to suggest she was originally left handed.
She was born in Poland and learnt to speak Polish as an
infant, but the first script she learnt was Hebrew, and
following her later emigration to Israel, Hebrew became her
main everyday language. After the accident she was able to
write and copy correctly in Latin script. Hebrew, however,
was written in mirror script and in the reversed direction,
from left to right, and she had difficulty in reading Hebrew
script unless it was presented in mirror form. She also
displayed other impairments including dyscalculia, a variety
of difficulties in reading, memory disturbances, and spatial
and temporal confusion. The authors suggested the clinical
features were reminiscent of an incomplete parietal lobe
syndrome. The diffuse nature of the cerebral injury, lack of
neurological signs and the few investigations undertaken
preclude localization of the cerebral lesion(s). In respect of
the discussion below, however, the salient features are the
selective mirror phenomena associated with Hebrew script
with sparing of Latin script.
More recently, Tashiro et al28 observed the high incidence of
mirror writing in patients with certain diffuse degenerative
brain diseases, namely, essential tremor, Parkinson’s disease
and spinocerebellar degeneration, with some patients produ-
cing fragmented reversals—termed by the authors as ‘‘partial’’
mirror writing. The authors also commented that left-handed-
ness was reportedly more common than expected in patients
with essential tremor. Apart from their first patient, whose
mirror writing may have been spontaneous, the left-handed
writing in the other patients was ‘‘induced’’.
Although we have little information on mirror writing in
elderly people, left-handed mirror writing may be more
common in those of advanced age, especially in the presence
of cognitive impairment.53 54
The occurrence of an unusual facility for mirror writing
There are two groups of people who seem to have a particular
facility for mirror writing: innate left handers and those whose
languages are written leftwards.
Innate left handers
The propensity for mirror writing among left-handed school
children was noted by Ireland25 more than a century ago, and
others have confirmed this. For reasons discussed earlier, the
left-handed tendency and accompanying mirror writing then
become suppressed, only to re-emerge when this suppression is
overcome. An example is provided by Smetacek’s17 patient
referred to earlier. It has been repeatedly observed that it is
those who are left-handed, ambidextrous or who somehow
believe they are inherently left-handed, who retain their
unusual left-handed mirror writing facility—a facility, or
advantage, that has been both confirmed55 56 and refuted57 58
in experimental studies in normal people.
Those whose languages are written leftwards
As is evident from the reports cited above, many individual cases
of acquired mirror writing are reported in Chinese and Japanese
people.
There
is
also
further
confirmation
of
the
high
prevalence of left-handed mirror writing among groups of
diverse people, but all of whose languages are written (and
read) leftwards.59 These groups include normal Hebrew-speak-
ing American16 and Chinese43 school children, cognitively
impaired Chinese school children,43 Chinese and Japanese39–43
patients who have had stroke involving the left hemisphere,
healthy elderly Chinese53 and elderly Japanese people with
dementia.54
Although further numerical details are provided elsewhere,59
the different groups, studied in different circumstances and in
different eras, do not allow the overall prevalence to be
estimated. Furthermore, these findings need to be interpreted
with some caution, as the definition of leftwards direction of
language is complex, and variables include the directions of the
vertical and horizontal lines of script, letters and hieroglyphs,
and changes in direction of written language over time.
Nevertheless,
these
observations
have
implications
when
considering the mechanisms that are discussed in the following
section.
MECHANISMS
Acknowledging
that
sometimes
mirror
writing
in
young
children is carried out with the right hand,30 and that there
are very rare instances of acquired right-handed mirror writing
in adults,60 61 nevertheless, mirror writing is otherwise nearly
always carried out with the left hand. This fact must surely be
pivotal, and raises two questions: (1) what is the link between
mirror writing and the left hand? and (2) what leads to the
mirrored form of that writing?
As a preface, mirror writing is considered here to be a motor
phenomenon rather than a cognitive phenomenon. As is
evident from the data summarised above, mirror writing may
occur
in
association
with
immaturity,
ageing,
dementia,
learning disabilities and various ill-defined forms of cognitive
impairment, dyslexia and some acquired instances of confusion
and disorientation; yet, clearly, none of these conditions is
sufficient or necessary for mirror writing to occur. Rather, it is
suggested that they represent epiphenomena and provide the
circumstances in which left handedness and left-handed mirror
writing persist or emerge. As discussed later, the right hemi-
sphere may perhaps sometimes be enlisted in the production of
mirror writing, but it is argued that this would be through
effects mediated by motor processes rather than by cognitive
processes.
The left hand and mirror writing
At least in the most common cases of acquired mirror writing,
those due to damage to the left hemisphere with right
hemiplegia, the subject is ‘‘forced’’ to use the unaccustomed
left hand for writing. The same situation arises in those who
need to switch to their left hand after peripheral damage to
their right hand, and in those who choose (rather than have) to
write with their left hand in the setting of diffuse brain
8
Schott
www.jnnp.com

dysfunction, or similarly when writing with the left hand for
fun or in the laboratory. Hardly surprisingly, innate left handers
accomplish their customary left-handed writing quite readily.
Thus, the reason for using the left hand when writing is
immaterial: it is the circumstances in which left-handed
writing
persists,
develops
or
returns
that
leads
to
the
persistence, development or return of mirror writing.
Accepting the importance of the left hand, what motor
processes generate that writing? Mirror writing in normal
people is likely to involve normal motor processes; however, in
those who switch from right-handed to left-handed writing, as
in those who are forced to use their non-dominant right hand,18
presumably unaccustomed motor and other cortical processes
are engaged. No experimental data are available on the
processes specifically subserving mirror writing, and we are
therefore dependent on speculative possibilities suggested by
other motor phenomena.
Bimanual mirror movements
Perhaps the most relevant surrogate model is the phenomenon
of bimanual associated movements of the upper limbs,62 which
has several features in common with mirror writing (table 3).
Furthermore, at least one patient simultaneously acquired
mirror writing together with bimanual mirror movements.50
By analogy with mirror movements in general, and con-
genital mirror movements in particular, mirror writing with the
left hand may implicate various motor processes which may be
pertinent to mirror movements. Recently summarised by
Farmer and Carr,63 these include:
Transcallosal pathways
It seems likely that motor commands and responses are
inherently bilateral, but in certain circumstances the normal
suppression of ipsilateral motor pathways from the contral-
ateral cortex via transcallosal pathways may be impaired. This
has been suggested as a mechanism for the mirror movements
that
are
seen
in
the
immaturity
of
childhood
and
in
pathological conditions such as Kallmann’s syndrome. Mirror
writing has been associated with frontal damage that involved
the corpus callosum,50 and some other acquired cases also may
have involved the corpus callosum, the role of which is
discussed later.
Ipsilateral pathways
Ipsilateral corticospinal pathways are thought to be implicated
in
many
conditions
associated
with
mirror
movements,
including
craniocervical
junction
abnormalities
such
as
Klippel–Feil syndrome, Kallmann’s syndrome and congenital
mirror movements. These ipsilateral pathways are likely to be
implicated in motor recovery after stroke,64 65 and could ‘‘drive’’
the left hand when mirror writing.
Aberrant motor control at the cortical level
In contrast with normal people, bilateral activation of motor
cortices after unilateral hand movements is another possible
mechanism subserving mirror movements, such as those seen
in congenital cases, Kallmann’s syndrome and other examples
of mirror movements. Similarly, bilateral activation of motor
cortices could be enlisted in mirror writing.
Other motor pathways that may subserve mirror writing,
particularly in those in whom it occurs in the setting of diffuse
brain disease, immaturity or ageing, include thalamocortical28 66
and other extrapyramidal pathways. The latter pathways have
been implicated in mirror dystonia67 and mirror movements in
Parkinson’s disease.68
The role of the corpus callosum?
As the initiation of movements is generally thought to be
generated bilaterally,69 those movements of the unwanted side
will normally be suppressed,70 and one relevant mechanism
may comprise transcallosal deactivation of contralateral crossed
pathways.71 72 Apart from mirror writing associated with
callosal damage due to stroke and possibly head injury, it is
also possible that left-handed mirror writing normally dis-
appears during childhood maturation, as a result of inhibition
associated with callosal myelination which takes place at
around the same time. Conversely, age-related declining
callosal inhibition73 might account for the reappearance of
mirror writing with dementing processes and ageing.
The controversial issues surrounding dyslexia have been
discussed earlier. In dyslexia, stuttering, in addition to left
handedness and mirror writing, may occur,33 and, among a
variety of different possible underlying mechanisms, dysfunc-
tion of the corpus callosum has been postulated.74 Thus,
Webster74 found that when performing bimanual letter writing,
both right-handed and left-handed people who stuttered made
more mirror reversals with the non-dominant hand compared
with fluent speakers, and their writing was of poorer quality
and slower. He suggested that there was an impairment of
‘‘callosal gating’’ between the two hemispheres, in particular
the two supplementary motor areas (see below).
Arguing against the involvement of the corpus callosum is
the fact that congenital abnormalities of the corpus callosum,
and callosotomy in either left handers75 or right handers,76 are
not associated with mirror writing.
Table 3
Mirror writing compared with bimanual mirror movements
Mirror writing
Bimanual mirror movements
Nearly always affects left hand
Involves both hands; may be asymmetric
Voluntary
Voluntary or (particularly in congenital mirror movements)
involuntary
Only affects writing
Affects non-specific hand movements
More common in left handers, and those
whose languages are written leftwards
No relationship to handedness or direction of language
Suppressible
Completely or partially insuppressible
Often present in childhood, usually
disappearing before teenage years
Often present in childhood, usually disappearing before teenage
years
Sometimes seen in normal adults in
various specific circumstances
Occasionally seen in normal adults—for example, on effort; with
bimanual activities
Present in pathological processes: focal
(usually left hemisphere) disease,
especially stroke; diffuse cerebral
disease; ?ageing
Present in pathological processes: usually congenital (corpus
callosal disorders, Klippel–Feil and other craniocervical junction
abnormalities); occasionally after stroke; in Parkinson’s disease
Inheritance: rarely familial
Inheritance: rarely familial
Mirror writing
9
www.jnnp.com

The mirrored form of writing
To most observers, mirror writing seems not only curious but
also difficult to read. More than a century ago, however, Vogt,77
and soon others,78 viewed it as the natural script of the left
hander, and this view remains compelling. The evidence that
mirror writing is the natural script of the left hander arises from
everyday observations that abductive movements are generally
more natural, and also more accurate,79 than adductive move-
ments. Writing with a pen held in the left hand will therefore
be more readily undertaken leftwards; the script, too, would
then be reversed compared with the conventional rightward-
directed script—that is, mirrored.
Thus, mirror writing with the left hand is not a bizarre form
of writing at all, but predictable, and presumably a form of
writing that is normally suppressed or superseded by conven-
tional writing in order to be read.
Factors that suppress mirror writing
Factors which tend to suppress or conflict with mirror writing
can be of various types.
Motor influences
Sometimes, an apparent conflict between movements subser-
ving mirrored and conventional writing can be demonstrated.
Examples have included a patient’s difficulty with left-handed
writing in the conventional form after a stroke80; a patient’s
mirror-writing left hand ‘‘leading’’ the right hand, dominant
but impaired as a result of hemiplegia, resulting in normal
script27; and a patient’s use of their half-paralysed right hand to
form correct rightwards writing with the mirror-writing left
hand.81
Visual influences
Normally, mirroring would be corrected by the conventional
appearance of writing. Children often seem neither to perceive
mirror differences in letters82 nor to notice their mirror writing.
Curiously, adults who mirror write with their left hand after a
stroke, and others too, often do not notice their mirror writing.
Presumably, correcting visual influences either do not obtain or
are insufficient to override the mirrored form.
Motor and visual interactions
In addition to conflicting motor and visual influences on
mirrored and conventional writing, there are conflicts between
the motor and visual influences themselves. More than a
century ago, such an interaction was suggested to be pertinent
in adults.78 In children, there is a tendency for very young, left-
handed school children to scan from right to left,83 and
oculomotor control when reading, at least in the early stages,
may be a right-hemisphere specialisation.84 A right-hemisphere
bias to the control of eye movements when reading would
favour leftwards reading and hence writing, and consequent
conflict with the rightwards direction of writing (and reading)
of Western languages—leading to the view that confusions are
especially likely to occur when eye movements are controlled by
one hemisphere and hand movements by the other.85
Cultural factors
Linked to these visual influences is the role of written language.
The evidence that those whose languages are written leftwards
have an increased tendency to mirror write has been discussed
above, but the implication from this observation is that learning
and practice of leftwards writing entrains, and is entrained by,
the eye and the hand in a leftwards direction, and thus
potentially the mirrored form of writing when the left hand is
used.
Spatial and orientational factors
Left-handed mirror writing occurs when healthy people write in
unusual spatial situations, and also pathologically in the
presence of acquired directional and spatial confusion. In these
circumstances, presumably normal spatial and orientating
correcting influences are thwarted and mirror writing emerges.
However, proposed interactions between motor control of the
contralateral
hand
with
spatial
and
attentional
systems
subserving action in the contralateral space86 may be more
simply explained by the mechanical factors involved when
writing with the left hand in either hemispace.
Mirrored writing: a non-specific mirrored motor
phenomenon
Supporting the view that mirroring is itself not abnormal is that
mirroring with the left hand is far from specific to writing. For
example, mirror writing can occur even when Chinese ‘‘illegal’’
pseudocharacters are written.58 Furthermore, those who retain
normal cerebral function but, after injury, have to undertake
left-handed tasks, such as using a screwdriver or turning a door
knob, sometimes do so in mirror fashion,23 and people who
have had limbs amputated occasionally experience phantom
mirror movements of their missing limbs.87 These examples
show that mirroring seems to be an unselective feature of
dextrous left-handed movements—that is, mirror writing may
simply represent a specific example of a mirror movement, both
perhaps enlisting the same motor processes that were discussed
earlier.
Mirroring processes at the cortical level?
If abductive, leftwards hand movements generated through
various motor pathways are characteristic of writing move-
ments with the left hand, are there also motor and visual
processes in the hemispheres that are specifically concerned
with mirroring? When discussing mirror writing, the term
‘‘engram’’ has often been used; this term, meaning those neural
changes that constitute stored memories, is perhaps now
outdated, but will be retained here as the traditional shorthand
for those ill-understood memory processes thought to be
applicable to mirror writing.
Mirrored motor engrams
Brain88 envisaged
The fact that learning to write includes an unconscious
education in mirror-writing, especially with the left hand,
implies the establishment, probably in the right hemisphere,
of graphic motor-schemas which are the mirror-images of
those which underlie normal writing in the left hemisphere.
This ability to ‘‘educate’’ the opposite hand in a mirror task
had been previously demonstrated—for example, in a maze-
tracing task89—but the evidence for mirror image motor
engrams for writing remains inconclusive. If, however, such
engrams exist, the mirroring would usually have to be
suppressed, and it has been suggested that the right supple-
mentary motor area may be responsible for this normal
suppression.50 This suggestion recalls the involvement of the
supplementary motor areas and the interconnecting callosal
pathways, envisaged in the context of stuttering discussed
earlier.74
Mirrored visual engrams
Orton90 invoked the concept of visual engrams to explain why
many mirror writers were left-handed children with dyslexia
and a variety of other perceptual difficulties. There had been
earlier speculation that there might be mirrored images in the
brain, ‘‘like the negative of a photograph’’,25 and Orton and
10
Schott
www.jnnp.com

later others postulated that visual engrams for writing are not
only stored in both hemispheres but are also in mirror
form.12 58 90
Evidence in animals91 and humans92 suggests that visual
images are transferred across the corpus callosum in mirror
image form. More recently, the concept of ‘‘mirror general-
isation’’ as an intrinsic property of the primate visual system
has been proposed, and there is evidence for specific interhemi-
spheric point-to-point pathways that might be relevant to
activation of mirrored forms.93 However, Corballis and Beale94
tersely comment ‘‘Orton’s theory is wrong’’. They rightly point
out that by implying that the dominant hemisphere would
record events with the correct orientation and the non-
dominant hemisphere would record them in reversed orienta-
tion, the conclusion follows that whenever the dominant
hemisphere was inactivated, mirror phenomena would neces-
sarily emerge—and this clearly does not occur.
Thus, although visual factors are doubtless of considerable
importance, particularly when children learn to read, and in the
context of direction of written language, mirrored visual
engrams have not been established as being inherent in mirror
writing.
Mirrored and non-mirrored forms of writing
When writing with the unaccustomed left hand, right-handers’
writing is often poorer than their usual writing. By comparison,
when innate left handers or ambidextrous people who write
with their right hand switch to left-handed writing, their
writing is often immediately well formed and easily elicited.
Furthermore, their conventional and mirrored scripts are
often,19 24 26 78 but not always,95 remarkably similar except for
the mirroring. This suggests that left handers may have
intrinsically different patterns of cerebral organisation and
facility for using different motor pathways, at least with respect
to writing.
The role of the right hemisphere?
Even allowing for the contribution of ipsilateral pathways, left-
handed writing is likely to be predominantly mediated by
motor processes subserved by the contralateral right hemi-
sphere. Additional supporting evidence comes from those
people discussed earlier who have an enhanced facility for
left-handed mirror writing—innate left handers and those
whose languages are written leftwards.
Thus, recent data from functional imaging studies show that,
in parallel with their greater bilateral or right-hemisphere
language activation compared with right handers,96 not only do
left handers show the expected right hemisphere activation
when writing with their left hand, but also ‘‘converted’’ left
handers when writing with their right hand show unusual
symmetrical functional activation.97
In those whose languages are written leftwards, the possible
influence of the right hemisphere in control of leftward-
directed
eye
movements
has
been
referred
to
earlier.
Importantly, however, the languages involved are both pho-
netic (Hebrew) and ideographic (Japanese and Chinese),98
indicating that it is the leftwards direction in which they are
written, and hence the link with right-hemispheric control of
movement, rather than the structural or visuospatial aspects of
the languages, which is important.
Leonardo da Vinci: his mirror writing and his right
hemisphere
Intriguingly, aside from interest in arguably the world’s most
famous polymath, Leonardo da Vinci’s writing provides an
unusual and unlikely source of information on mirror writing,
and probably represents the only known instance of truly
habitual mirror writing.99 100 An example is shown in fig 3. From
the background evidence listed in table 4, we can conclude that,
as predicted, the innate left hander, unrestrained by external
factors, indeed writes in mirror fashion.
Furthermore, it may be conjectured that after his stroke,
Leonardo’s preserved mirror writing ability, documented by the
visiting Cardinal’s Secretary de’ Beatis, indeed resided in
Leonardo’s right hemisphere. Whether this conclusion can be
extended to other mirror writers is obviously unknown.
CONCLUSIONS
Mirror writing is nearly always undertaken with the left hand,
and occurs in healthy people and after disease whenever the left
hand is called into action—just as Lentilius noted 300 years
ago.1 But mirror writing remains remarkably little explored, and
even epidemiological information about its occurrence in the
Figure 3
Leonardo da Vinci: examples of mirror writing, mirror numbers
and conventional numbers. Arundel MS 263, f 280, verso. Reproduced
with permission from the British Library.
Table 4
Leonardo da Vinci’s mirror writing: the
background
His left handedness: the evidence
l
contemporary written accounts
l
direction of shading on certain pictures
l
examples of right-justified margins of text
His writing: its nature
l
thousands of pages of writing extant
l
nearly, but not all, in mirror script
l
numerals variably mirrored
His left-handed mirror writing: its characteristics
l
dated from age 21 years or earlier, thus probably innate
l
written for himself and not for others
l
suppression by cultural and educational influences absent
His probable stroke: the witnessed features
l
occurrence before the age of 65 years
l
paralysis of the right arm
l
unimpaired speech
l
unimpaired left-handed painting and mirror writing
Mirror writing
11
www.jnnp.com

normal population remains sparse. The potential value of such
investigations is exemplified by surely the most extraordinary,
albeit incidental, observations on mirror writing that were
recorded by Conklin101 when studying the Mindoro tribes in the
Philippines. He reported that the direction of their writing was
in columns directed away from the body, and was bottom to top
and left to right when written with the right hand, and in
columns from right to left and in inverted mirror style when
written by left handers, remarkably showing the links between
handedness, direction of writing and mirror writing.
The time now seems opportune for further studies of mirror
writing. These might range from detailed population studies,
assessing the prevalence, patterns of inheritance and features of
mirror writing in the healthy population and in various disease
states, to a variety of experimental investigations. Such
investigations might include functional imaging studies of
mirror and conventional writing in left handers and right
handers, in normal people and in those with different
pathologies, and in those whose languages are written right-
wards and leftwards. But mirror writing itself could also be
used as a tool to provide insights into organisation and
reorganisation of the nervous system with respect to motor
processes, writing and handedness, exploiting Allen’s26 pres-
cient observations a hundred years ago:
mirror writing is often a symptom of nerve disease; but the
disease need not be the cause of the existence of the faculty,
but only the cause of its discovery.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
I thank Mr Roy Hyde for translating the quotation of Lentilius from
Latin.
Competing interests: None.
REFERENCES
1 Lentilius R. Miscellanea medico-practica tripartita quorum partibus prioribus
continentur historiae, discursus, consilia, epistolae… Part II. Ulm: GW Kuhn,
1698:586.
2 Vasari G. Lives of the most eminent painters, sculptors and architects
[Translated by de Vere, G du C]. Vol 4. London: Philip Lee Warner,
1913:99.
3 Buchwald. Spiegelschrift bei Hirnkranken. Berl Klin Wochenschr 1878;5:6–8.
4 Critchley M. Mirror-writing. London: Kegan Paul, 1928.
5 Critchley M. The significance of mirror writing. Proc R Soc Med
1926;25:397–404.
6 Chia L-G, Kinsbourne M. Mirror-writing and reversed repetition of digits in a
right-handed patient with left basal ganglia haematoma. J Neurol Neurosurg
Psychiatry 1987;50:786–8.
7 Mathewson I. Mirror writing ability is genetic and probably transmitted as a
sex-linked dominant trait: it is hypothesised that mirror writers have bilateral
language centres with a callosal interconnection. Med Hypotheses
2004;62:733–9.
8 Brainin M, Donner K. Spiegelschrift, ‘‘Umkehrschrift’’ und
‘‘Umkehrspiegelschrift’’ in einer ambidexter Familie. Nervenarzt
1981;52:278–82.
9 Gottfried JA, Sancar F, Chatterjee A. Acquired mirror writing and reading:
evidence for reflected graphemic representations. Neuropsychologia
2003;41:96–107.
10 Hildreth G. The development and training of hand dominance: IV.
Developmental problems associated with handedness. J Genet Psychol
1950;76:39–100.
11 Lambon-Ralph MA, Jarvis C, Ellis AW. Life in a mirrored world: report of a case
showing mirror reversal in reading and writing and for non-verbal materials.
Neurocase 1997;3:249–58.
12 Wade JB, Hart RP. Mirror phenomena in language and nonverbal activities—a
case report. J Clin Exp Neuropsychol 1991;13:299–308.
13 Heilman KM, Howell G, Valenstein E, et al. Mirror-reading and writing in
association with right-left spatial disorientation. J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry
1980;43:774–80.
14 Cornell J. Spontaneous mirror-writing in children. Can J Psychol
1985;39:174–9.
15 Gordon H. Left-handedness and mirror writing, especially among defective
children. Brain 1921;43:313–68.
16 Beeley AL. An experimental study in left-handedness. With practical
suggestions for schoolroom tests. Chicago: University of Chicago Press,
1918:43–52.
17 Smetacek V. Mirror-script and left-handeness. Nature 1992;355:118–19.
18 Nakada T, Fujii Y, Kwee IL. Coerced training of the nondominant hand resulting
in cortical reorganization: a high-field functional magnetic resonance imaging
study. J Neurosurg 2004;101:310–13.
19 Schott GD. Mirror writing: Allen’s self observations, Lewis Carroll’s ‘‘looking-
glass’’ letters, and Leonardo da Vinci’s maps. Lancet 1999;354:2158–61.
20 Fuller JK. The psychology and physiology of mirror-writing. Publ Psychol
1916;2:199–265.
21 Harrington A. Medicine, mind, and the double brain. A study in nineteenth-
century thought. Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1987:146.
22 Ackroyd P. Blake. London: Sinclair-Stevenson, 1995:56.
23 Schott GD. Mirror movements of the left arm following peripheral damage to the
preferred right arm. J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry 1980;43:768–73.
24 Hughes E. Mirror-writing. Lancet 1908;i:188.
25 Ireland WW. On mirror-writing and its relation to left-handedness and cerebral
disease. Brain 1882;4:361–7.
26 Allen FJ. Mirror writing. Brain 1896;19:385–7.
27 Caraman Z, Pendefunda G. Consideratii asupra scrierii ‘‘in oglinda’’.
Particularitati intilnite in unele cazuri. Neurol Psihiatr Neurochir 1965;10:1–9.
28 Tashiro K, Matsumoto A, Hamada T, et al. The aetiology of mirror writing: a
new hypothesis. J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry 1987;50:1572–8.
29 Fildes LG. Experiments on the problem of mirror-writing. Br J Psychol
1923;14:55–67.
30 Clark MM. Left-handedness. Laterality characteristics and their educational
implications. London: University of London Press, 1957:96.
31 Critchley M. Some defects of reading and writing in children: their association
with word-blindness and mirror-writing. J State Med 1927;35:217–23.
32 Critchley M. Doyne Memorial Lecture, 1961. Inborn reading disorders of
central origin. Trans Ophthal Soc UK 1961;81:459–80.
33 Orton ST. ‘‘Word-blindness’’ in school children. Arch Neurol Psychiatry
1925;14:581–615.
34 Terepocki M, Kruk RS, Willows DM. The incidence and nature of letter
orientation errors in reading disability. J Learn Disabil 2002;35:214–33.
35 Carmichael L, Cashman H. A study of mirror-writing in relation to handedness
and perceptual and motor habits. J Gen Psychol 1932;6:296–329.
36 He´caen H, de Ajuriaguerra J. Left-handedness [Translated by Ponder E]. New
York: Grune & Stratton, 1964:32.
37 Shaywitz SE. Dyslexia. Sci Am 1996;275:98–104.
38 Fraenkel M. Spiegelschrift und Fehlhandlungen der linken Hand bei
Rechtsgela¨hmten (Apraxie). Arch Psychiatr Nervenkr 1908;43:1275–311.
39 Muramoto O, Morihiro S, Toyokura, Y. Mirror writing in a case of cerebral
infarction—report of a case and a consideration of its pathogenesis. No To
Shinkei 1978;30:1093–9.
40 Sato K. A clinical study on aphasic agraphia of cerebral vascular disease-origin
in reference to mirror writing and perseveratory paragraphia. Tohoku Igaku
Zasshi 1979;92:26–42.
41 Sunohara N, Saku A, Kinoshita M, et al. A case of mirror writing due to a focal
cerebral lesion. Rinsho Shinkeigaku 1978;18:525–31.
42 Wang X, Cai X. Agraphia in aphasic patients. Chin Med J 1986;99:333–7.
43 Wang X. Mirror writing of Chinese characters in children and neurologic
patients. Chin Med J 1992;105:306–11.
44 Paradowski W, Ginzburg M. Mirror writing and hemiplegia. Percept Motor
Skills 1971;32:617–18.
45 Oblu N, Sandulescu G, Iovu C. ‘‘Scrisul in oglinda’’ in unele sindroame
neurochirurgicale. Stud Cercet Neurol 1967;12:187–95.
46 Fox JC, Holmes G. Optic nystagmus and its value in the localization of cerebral
lesions. Brain 1926;49:333–71.
47 Durwen HF, Linke DB. Tempora¨res Spiegelschreiben und Spiegellesen als
Desinhibitionspha¨nomene?—eine Fallstudie. Neuropsychologia
1988;26:483–90.
48 Hanakita J, Nishi S. Left alien hand sign and mirror writing after left anterior
cerebral artery infarction. Surg Neurol 1991;35:290–3.
49 Shimamura N, Sekiya T, Ohkuma H, et al. A case report of mirror writing with
low perfusion of bilateral anterior cerebral arteries. No To Shinkei
2001;53:567–70.
50 Chan J-L, Ross, eds. Left-handed mirror writing following right anterior cerebral
artery infarction: evidence for nonmirror transformation of motor programs by
right supplementary motor area. Neurology 1988;38:59–63.
51 Morı´s G, Quirce R, Berciano J, et al. Escritura con letras en espejo bimanual: a
propo´sito de un caso postrauma´tico. Neurologı´a 1997;12:418–20.
52 Streifler M, Hofman S. Sinistrad mirror writing and reading after brain
concussion in a bi-systemic (oriento-occidental) polyglot. Cortex
1976;12:356–64.
53 Wang X, Cai X, Chen H. Mirror writing in the elderly. Chin Med J
1998;111:641–3.
54 Kuzuya M, Yamamoto T, Kuzuya F. Mirror-writing in the aged. Nippon Ronen
Igakkai Zasshi 1991;28:499–503.
55 Tankle RS, Heilman KM. Mirror writing in right-handers and in left-handers.
Brain Lang 1983;19:115–23.
56 Tucha O, Aschenbrenner S, Lange KW. Mirror writing and handedness. Brain
Lang 2002;73:432–41.
57 Vaid J, Stiles-Davis J. Mirror writing: an advantage for the left-handed? Brain
Lang 1989;37:616–27.
58 Yang M-J. Mirror writing in right-handers and in left-handers: a study using
Chinese characters. Neuropsychologia 1997;35:1491–8.
12
Schott
www.jnnp.com

59 Schott GD, Schott JM. Mirror writing, left-handedness, and leftward scripts.
Arch Neurol 2004;61:1849–51.
60 Hadano K, Hamanaka T, Ohigashi Y. On a case of mirror writing with the right
hand. No To Shinkei 1979;31:1155–60.
61 Nakano M, Endo T, Tanaka S. A second Leonardo da Vinci? Brain Cogn
2003;53:9–14.
62 Schott GD, Wyke M. Obligatory bimanual associated movements. J Neurol Sci
1977;33:301–12.
63 Farmer SF, Carr LJ. Diseases of the vertebral column. In: Asbury AK,
McKhan GM, McDonald WI, et al, eds. Diseases of the nervous system.Vol
1.3rd edn. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2002:727–41.
64 Netz J, Lammers T, Ho¨mberg V. Reorganization of motor output in the non-
affected hemisphere after stroke. Brain 1997;120:1579–86.
65 Fujii Y, Nakada T. Cortical reorganization in patients with subcortical
hemiparesis: neural mechanisms of functional recovery and prognostic
implication. J Neurosurg 2003;98:64–73.
66 Merello M, Carpintiero S, Cammarota A, et al. Bilateral mirror writing
movements (mirror dystonia) in a patient with writer’s cramp: functional
correlates. Mov Disord 2006;21:683–9.
67 Jedynak PC, Trenchant C, de Beyl DZ. Prospective clinical study of writer’s
cramp. Mov Disord 2001;16:494–9.
68 Espay AJ, Li J-Y, Johnston L, et al. Mirror movements in parkinsonism:
evaluation of a new clinical sign. J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry
2005;76:1355–9.
69 Rothwell J. Control of human voluntary movement, 2nd edn. London: Chapman
& Hall, 1994:370–5.
70 Swinnen SP, Wenderoth N. Two hands, one brain: cognitive neuroscience of
bimanual skill. Trends Cogn Sci 2004;8:18–25.
71 Ara´nyi Z, Ro¨sler KM. Effort-induced mirror movements. A study of transcallosal
inhibition in humans. Exp Brain Res 2002;145:76–82.
72 Boroojerdi B, Diefenbach K, Ferbert A. Transcallosal inhibition in cortical and
subcortical cerebral vascular lesions. J Neurol Sci 1996;144:160–70.
73 Gazzaniga MS. Forty-five years of split-brain research and still going strong.
Nat Rev Neurosci 2005;6:653–9.
74 Webster WG. Neural mechanisms underlying stuttering: evidence from
bimanual handwriting performance. Brain Lang 1988;33:226–44.
75 Gur RE, Gur RC, Sussman NM, et al. Hemispheric control of the writing hand:
the effect of callosotomy in a left-hander. Neurology 1984;34:904–8.
76 Gazzaniga MS. The bisected brain. New York: Appleton-Century-Crofts,
1970:118.
77 Vogt MC. L’e´criture conside´re´e au point de vue physiologique. Rev Sci 2nd Ser
1880;18:1221–32.
78 Elder W. Aphasia and the cerebral speech mechanism. London: HK Lewis,
1897:214–23.
79 Brown JS, Knauft EB, Rosenbaum G. The accuracy of positioning reactions as a
function of their direction and extent. Am J Psychol 1948;61:167–82.
80 Rodrı´guez R. Hand motor patterns after the correction of left-nondominant-
hand mirror writing. Neuropsychologia 1991;29:1191–203.
81 Rodrı´guez R, Aguilar M, Gonza´lez G. Left non-dominant hand mirror writing.
Brain Lang 1989;37:122–44.
82 Davidson HP. A study of the confusing letters B, D, P, and Q. J Genet Psychol
1935;47:458–68.
83 Lebrun Y. Looking with one’s mind’s eye. Eur J Disord Commun
1995;30:279–302.
84 Skoyles JR. Mirror script. Nature 1992;357:25–6.
85 Corballis MC. Human laterality. New York: Academic Press, 1983:176.
86 Buxbaum LJ, Coslett HB, Schall RR, et al. Hemispatial factors in mirror writing.
Neuropsychologia 1993;31:1417–21.
87 Sunderland S. Nerves and nerve injuries, 2nd edn. Edinburgh: Churchill
Livingstone, 1978:429.
88 Brain, Lord. Speech disorders, aphasia, apraxia and agnosia, 2nd edn.
London: Butterworths, 1965:134.
89 Milisen R, Van Riper C. Differential transfer of training in a rotary activity. J Exp
Psychol 1939;24:640–6.
90 Orton ST. Specific reading disability—strephosymbolia. JAMA
1928;90:1095–9.
91 Noble J. Paradoxical interocular transfer of mirror-image discriminations in the
optic chiasm sectioned monkey. Brain Res 1968;10:127–51.
92 Bradshaw JL, Nettleton NC, Patterson K. Identification of mirror-reversed and
nonreversed facial profiles in same and opposite visual fields. J Exp Psychol
1973;99:42–8.
93 Rollenhagen JE, Olson CR. Mirror-image confusion in single neurons of the
macaque inferotemporal cortex. Science 2000;287:1506–8.
94 Corballis MC, Beale IL. The psychology of left and right. Hillsdale: Lawrence
Erlbaum, 1976:58–73.
95 Ellis AW. Normal writing processes and peripheral acquired dysgraphias. Lang
Cogn Process 1988;3:99–127.
96 Szaflarski JP, Binder JR, Possing ET, et al. Language lateralization in
left-handed and ambidextrous people. fMRI data. Neurology
2002;59:238–44.
97 Siebner HR, Limmer C, Peinemann A, et al. Long-term consequences of
switching handedness: a positron emission tomography study on handwriting in
‘‘converted’’ left-handers. J Neurosci 2002;22:2816–25.
98 Gaur, A. A history of writing. London: British Library, 1984.
99 Schott GD. Some neurological observations on Leonardo da Vinci’s
handwriting. J Neurol Sci 1979;42:321–9.
100 Bambach CC, ed. Leonardo, left-handed draftsman and writer. Leonardo da
Vinci, master draftsman. New York: The Metropolitan Museum of Art,
2003:31–57.
101 Conklin HC. Preliminary report on field work on the islands of Mindoro and
Palawan, Philippines. Am Anthropol 1949;51:268–73.
Mirror writing
13
www.jnnp.com
